first off I want to give a huge thank you to our
sponsor for this video incog they have a very
special offer for you it was so good I actually
personally signed up with the discount code in
the offer today my interview guest is Danny shean
Danny might have a better understanding of what
actually happened in just about every major
20th century American conspiracy than anyone
I've met and I know a lot of conspiratorial
people shout out Alex Jones a lot of time
think anra might have come from Mars what if
you want to know who really killed JFK watch
this interview it's absolutely crazy do you think
that the CIA killed JFK I do know who did kill him
Oswald could not have gotten off the number of
shots this interview is an endless Wellspring
of mind-blowing facts from Danny that the that
the craft have built into it some kind of an AI
capacity to respond telepathically to the control
of the of the pilot that's the key to it all from
American industrialists and financiers secretly
funding the Nazis before World War II so that they
wanted Hitler to establish this kind of fascist
government the economic theory of which is you
place all the instrumentalities of the government
at the disposal of the interests of the private
corporations and the formation of the CIA as an
extension of the great Gilded Age families because
the Central Intelligence Agency was the brainchild
of the people at Brown Brothers Herman Danny even
sketches a photo of a UFO that he saw firsthand
in a classified facility in Washington while
reviewing the Blue Book files for Jimmy Carter
and finally if you want a true understanding of
the major players involved in the Watergate
scandal look no further than this interview
Danny's comprehensive knowledge of core American
conspiracies is partly due to his involvement in
like half of them as an attorney I was asked
to be the attorney or Elon hubber I could be
given access to every single document anywhere
in the world in the internal files of the Church
of Scientology I'm not kidding he was actually
personally involved in the Watergate case the
Pentagon papers Karen silkwood and has personally
represented UFO whistleblower Lou alzando Harvard
Psychiatry department head and legendary UFO
researcher John Mack and the notorious Dr
Steven Greer so without further Ado sit back relax
and be prepared to stay up all night integrating
your new worldview after hearing from the man at
the center of every American conspiracy Daniel P
be interested in other forbidden truths and want
to protect your data you probably don't realize
just how exposed your personal information is on
the web there's an abundance of sites all over
the Internet with personal data on millions
of American civilians these sites get their
information from sketchy data brokers who collect
and sell detailed profiles of your online activity
your phone number home address family details even
your financial information this is where incog
steps in they make it super simple to remove your
data from these online Brokers and keep it removed
I did it and the drop off of weird calls and texts
is astounding and as bad as these annoying spam
calls and texts you may experience are they're
nowhere close to the most extreme dangers posed by
these Brokers this data can be used for identity
theft or even somebody showing up at your home if
they have it out for you if you value your privacy
you'll want to check out incog use this discount
code on the screen American Alchemy to get a huge
60% discount off their annual subscription check
the link in the description below exercise your
basic personal online hygiene and take control of
your personal data here with my new friend Danny
shean who knows probably more about every American
conspiracy than anybody I know part partly because
you were involved in half of them as a public
investigator and kind of people's Advocate uh
whether it was Watergate or Karen silkwood uh uh
now you represent a lot of the UFO whistleblowers
Steven Greer Lou alzando uh uh John Mack before
that who was the head of the Harvard Psychiatry
department and studied alien abductions for the
last 10 years of his career so it's an honor to
have you and I'm excited to have I think we're
going to have a pretty crazy conversation and
terrific why don't we start actually with UFOs
I think uh they're sort of very in the Zeitgeist
right now but I think a lot of people in the UFO
closure World feel very frustrated because last
year you have David grush from the national
geospatial agency coming out blowing the whistle
and you know literally a year ago August of uh 23
saying in front of Congress that we've had July
July 26th July 26 that's right okay good good
good uh that's amazing good memory uh saying that
we have had a legacy reverse engineering programs
we've had crash retrievals of UFOs we have them
in our possession you know in various Aerospace
warehouses do we have the bodies of the pilots
who piloted this craft biologics came with some
of these recoveries yeah were they I guess human
or non-human biologics non-human and that was the
assessment of people uh with direct knowledge on
the program I talked to that are currently still
on the program and it's a sort of bombshell
claim and he's says that he's brought forward
40 firsthand Witnesses people have worked
on the program to the uh Inspector General
of the intelligence community monheim and and
yet nothing's you know not a lot has happened
since and I'm I'm friends with grush and I I do
trust him and I think there's a there's a lot
going on there behind the scenes but yeah what's
your what's your take overall and where we're at
there's a lot going on behind the scenes M uh is
the answer and and one of one of the things that
PE people whove worked in Washington DC for 20
years or more realize that the the public hearings
that take place in the Congress are kind dog and
pony shows uh and that you know they they're semis
scripted as a rule there's a decision made on high
as to what's going to get said publicly and what
isn't what questions are going to get asked and
what aren't uh and so that there's there's a bit
of theater involved more than a bit of theater
involved uh what's going on in the background is
is the real deal making and the the challenge in
Washington DC among many others is that everything
is a deal everything is a negotiation you know so
if you know if the Republican Party proposes you
know $10 billion for a particular program the you
know Democratic party you know proposes 8 billion
for the same program you know ahead of time it's
going to come out to 9 billion uh because it's not
a matter of principle it's not a matter of you
know what the program needs it's a question of
the the kind of false dialectic that's going on
so you have to get used to that to begin with uh
and now now we've come into into the scene with
the UFO phenomenon uh and that there have been a
number of passes at this in the in the history but
what's happened is since the one that everybody
knows about is the December 17th of 2017 the front
page story in the New York Times uh Lou alzando
and Chris melon you know and Chris melon very
importantly was the deputy assistant secretary
of defense for intelligence uh both under the
Clinton Administration and under the bush W Bush
Administration so he's kind of a bipartisan
uh you know melon Family Guy and uh and Lou
alzando was involved in the program uh that the
Pentagon had a secret program uh Above Top Secret
the the real elements of the program where they
were attempting to develop a weapon system and
Advanced weapon system uh using the technology
that they'd recovered from UFO craft uh and the
thing that people don't realize it was this big
hubhub you know with the front page story in the
New York Times and everybody's saying oh here's
two amazing whistleblowers have come out of the
shadows and they've come forward and they've uh
made this extraordinary set of uh Revelations
about the existence of this secret program uh and
it turns out the whole thing was authorized I mean
that the the United States defense department uh
office of pre-publication review and security had
cleared all of those videos to be shown and had
okayed the New York Times to publish them uh and
so there's this whole backstory going on that
uh that there's a pretense of kind of a a uh
a insurrectionist kind of whistleblower kind of
group coming forward to reveal this information
and challenge the the Deepa secrets of the state
but in fact there's decisions being made deeper
in to reveal some of this there have to be yeah
and there also have it has to be this sort of
limited form of disclosure that's these people are
sort of coordinating because the videos the three
videos you know whether it's go fast or or gimbal
or nimit all these videos are not high quality
they're not high resolution they're nowhere near
what they there it's only one sensor and then they
say they say you know we have a lot better stuff
you know and so so it's clearly almost like a roar
shock test like or conditioning or something
it's like how how are people going to sort of
react and then maybe we'll go a little farther
in a couple years and then maybe we'll go even
farther well you you have to be careful because
you can start speculating about what's going on
there in the background I don't know it's hard
well what what I've done that I got contacted by
Lou alzando himself uh right after this happened
well for the context for the audience if you don't
know anything about UFOs Lou alzando ran an a
tip these programs from 2007 to 2012 he also was
involved in a lot of interesting kind of counter
Intel and Recon for the US and was at Guantanamo
Bay at one point I think he was deployed in Iraq
and uh yeah been to his place in Wyoming he's very
interesting guy and in 2017 he came out as part of
this New York Times Revelation that's right he was
the first kind of whistleblower to say I ran this
program it was actually under Senator Harry Reid
who was interested in UFOs they had appropriated
$22 million y Harry Reid Ted St from Alaska and
danway and and Dan inway from Hawaii and they're
all studying uh you know UFOs a lot of which took
place under Bigalow and on Skinwalker Ranch so
okay Lou Alando approach now you blown out the
whole audience nobody knows what we're talking
about so so the the I have the same uh autistic
compulsory you know attention to detail that you
do yeah well the the the the bottom line is that
what's happened is that for some reason yeah which
we can explore but but for some reason there's
been a decision that was made you know in 2017 at
the very end of 2017 to come forward uh to begin
a process of trying to establish control literally
over the disclosure of the UFO information uh and
it actually generated uh an extraordinary uh
piece of legislation that the United States
Senate uh approved uh that was uh a 64 page bill
that set up this complex process of undertaking a
controlled disclosure uh and actually formulating
a controlled disclosure campaign to go over a
7-year period to start rolling out information
to the public into the world therefore about what
it is that the United States government knew uh
about the UFO phenomenon and about some vaguely
identified nonhuman intelligence so what you're
talking about now is the Schumer Amendment to the
forward looking year 2024 ndaa National Defense
authorization act so it's defense budget every
year the and it was this amendment and it talks
about non-human intelligence and the government
declaring eminent domain over non-human craft
that's in possession of these you know private
aerospace companies and it ends up kind of
dying on the vine because of Mike Johnson
well not really though but but that's the
impression that again people it got diluted it got
passed but in a very what happened what happened
is that one of the most important aspects of the
bill did get passed and that is ordering here's
the Congress of the United States both the the
Senate and House signed by the president ordering
all six of the United States military services you
know the Army Air Force Navy you know the space
force all of them all of them uh and all 18 of
the United States intelligence agencies there's
a lot more than just the CIA uh in the defense
intelligence agency in the NSA there's there's 18
of them right and then there's 32 United States
defense department agencies all of them were
ordered by Congress and the president to to
take 300 days to gather together all every single
piece of information that they had about the UFO
phenomenon and about any nonhuman intelligence
that was understood to be responsible for the
UFO phenomenon gather it all together put it
into digital format with an index so that it's
recoverable and searchable uh and have it ready by
October 20th of 2024 to be turned over the Senate
Bill said immediately to the the National Archives
uh that got changed uh in the house but only in a
minor way in which they said they were to turn it
over as soon as possible after having it compiled
but that whole process uh was extraordinarily
important uh and it was a key portion of the
bill that the Senate passed and that got passed
by Congress that is the law right now so that
whole process is going on right now so so so the
bottom line is that piece got passed you know the
big thing in the Senate bill that did not get
passed was the creation of an independent panel
uh there was a board of review that the senate had
proposed that' be an independent board of review
that got to look through all of this information
uh and decide how much of it is going to be made
public okay and they put in a provision that the
president of the United States could personally
postpone the public revelation of any piece of
information that the board chose to make public
uh but that that was a big piece that was cut
out they they didn't the the house didn't agree
to allow an independent panel to review all of
this information uh and decide how much is going
to be made public so that the information has to
be gathered together and made available in the
National Archives but then it doesn't necessarily
have to go anywhere that's where we are right now
but the Senate the Senate intelligence committee
people and the house intelligence committee people
will get to see it and that's key thing you know
to get to get the the Congress briefed in on what
it is that the executive branch has been doing all
of these years since the last 80 years basically
it it goes back to basically January 1st of 1945
is the actual operative date in the statute every
piece of information every phone call every memo
every internal study uh every report of a UFO
sighting every single piece of information that
they have has to be be put into this compendium so
that's happening that's happening right now that's
amazing and that will that be public or that was
going to be question as as of right now uh the
the operative order of the Senate was that it
had to be turned over immediately on October 20th
to the National Archives and be made available to
the members of the intelligence committee okay
the house has changed that language to be made
available as soon as possible which is a a wiggle
wiggle phrase you know the question is how quickly
are they going to turn it over uh but they have
to have it compiled by October 20th so that's
the law right now and a lot of people even in
the UFO Community just think oh the the law
got gutted it got made that's fascinating but
this is extraordinarily that's really important
but another very important part of the law is the
idea that government is going to declare eminent
domain over UFOs the actual like crafts that these
aerospace companies have in their possession well
they have the right to do it if they choose
to yeah and but that automatic but that got
gutted that that is no longer part of the bill
and my understanding of the behind the scenes
what might have happened is Mike Turner who is on
the uh he's the chair of this house intelligence
commit chair of the house intelligence committee
but also represents Dayton Ohio which is where
right Patterson Air Force Base is all the UFO
rumors are centered around right Patterson
Air Force Base of them holding kind of craft and
his top three donors are I think locked you know
I don't I don't want to mess up the other two but
two other big aerospace companies and uh you know
he works through Mike Johnson to kind of uh take
that out of tumor that's right and so I find that
interesting where do you think a company like
lockie Martin uh actually see like how do you
think they see the UFO thing because they see
it as a profit making potential profit there's
no doubt about how they see it well Ben Rich who's
the president of Skunk Works their most secretive
division used to call UFOs unfunded opportunities
and then 201 you know theying with tomong who's
the Blink 182 FR and you have Rob Weiss who
is you know Ben Rich's uh successor at Skunk
Works and emails between him and Tom dong that
were revealed through Wikileaks where it's clear
that locked wants to like talk more about the UFO
you know uh phenomena but then they work through
a guy like Mike Turner later you know last year
to kill this bill so that that feels a little SK
they sort of want to do it on their own terms or
they they they just they want to get they want
to get Congress to know enough about it which
they don't yet uh to agree to set up a law that
authorizes them to get patent rights that's what
they want they want to get patent rights uh to the
technology so that the United States government
for the next thousand years when it wants to have
access to to any of the technology of the UFOs
for super luminal flight or anti-gravity stuff is
going to have to license it from from the private
company and pay them a ton of money for it I mean
it's just absolutely you know it's just avarice
and greed you know got it so that makes sense so
they want like a broader public knowledge or
Surface area on the topic but they don't want
any of their IP taken out of the company that's
right yeah I mean that that makesense they want
to make as much money as possible on it and and
here here we have a an event taking place of the
the World getting ready to be made aware of the
fact uh that there's this hum humongous uh other
civilization uh around us in the in our galaxy
what's the evidence that it's extraterrestrial
and not some time traveler or like the fact the
fact that uh people have been face to face with
them uh and had telepathic Communications sure but
sure but for every one that says they're from Zeta
reticuli they also say they're from the future and
they're also super deceptive and say all sorts of
other crazy stuff those are people in the UFO
Community who say all that they kind of make up
stuff you know but the but the fact of the matter
is it's it's just as plain as day no but I mean
if you look at the Edgar Mitchell datab any of the
databases around this stuff I actually think it's
split like I don't think it's clear that they're
from another planet in fact if we there's one
homed uh species on Earth that's sensient up right
by pedal that has advanced technology and it's
us and there are 20 billion earthlike planets in
the Milky Way galaxy but they're over a trillion
non-e earthlike planets so and we're seeing a
thing that looks like us yeah they're hominid
so the likelihood of evolutionary convergence on
a totally foreign planet is just super super slim
and so the aam's razor explanation would actually
be that there's something emanating from they're
they're sort of related to Mankind and they could
be Interstellar they could be a different timeline
interacting with us I just think we have to uh
widen aperture of possibilities oh yeah no no
I mean they're but not to the point of just
obfuscating obvious sure you know the yeah
there's a thing there's a phenomena but I do
think it's called the phenomena for a reason
because it's sort of really hard to classify it's
because the the conversation that you're talking
about now uh has has assiduously excluded all the
evidence of face-to-face contact that people have
had I mean there are thousands of people who've
had face to face contact in tele in telepathic
Communications with the actual occupants of The
Craft which there's this huge effort to kind of
pretend that isn't true like that isn't true
because there aren't enough government circled
people in scientific Community people who've
affirmed it yet well that's a good segue into
the first UFO related person you represented
is John Mack right and John Mack was the head
of the Harvard Psychiatry department and I think
he U through his friend Bud Hopkins his childhood
friend right started to see all these cases these
these people who no mental health history right uh
it wasn't even always through hypnotic regressions
they would just say I had these experiences where
I was abducted by you know these aliens and he
started to take it very seriously and so yeah
what what what do you think about John Mack and
his investigations well I I represented him for
10 years uh and uh met dozens of people uh that
he had worked with uh was involved in vetting
them to determine which ones were credible and
which ones weren't uh what detailed information
they had uh and uh have talked to you know
several absolutely totally credible witnesses
that I could put in front of any American Jury
uh and the jury would be absolutely clear that
they were telling them the truth that who have had
Direct face-to-face contact with uh one or more of
these extraterrestrial beings you know they have
them in American Underground military bases they
have the beings they have the beings so they've
interviewed the beings I've talked to people who
were there when they were interviewing the being
where where are the beings being that particular
one was at S4 in Area 51 in outside of area 5
about 11 miles away so I would totally distrust
that but I have some good friends who are very
trustworthy so they're a couple and the husband
broke the world record for the biggest wave ever
surfed and now nazer Portugal his name's Garrett
mcnamer and her her name's Nicole and they're very
good people and they would just would never lie
and they have a friend who worked at Area 51 or it
might be a friend of a friend but they met him and
he was totally traumatized and after having worked
there yes and he said that he went was led down
into a basement that's right and he saw reptilian
creatures and they were they were speaking Yeah
English well they were they're telepathic they're
telepathic they talk French to French people they
talk German to German people but they're they're
telepathic but isn't that we that's strange though
right strange yes yeah there's no doubt about
that so but then like if they're that advanced
they're telepathic they can fly you know faster
than light then how the hell do we Corral them
into underground bases against their will or
is it are they happy to be kept well the the
one of the ones that I was I was talking to the
guy who was there when they were interviewing
one of them it was clear it was voluntary that
the the Extraterrestrial being was voluntarily
talking with them was Shar was having telepathic
Communications so they was being interviewed
they're just kind of hanging out in these baces
well that I wouldn't put it that way what do they
want why why are they there what what happened
what happened is uh is uh is Albert Stein was
this guy's name uh he called me on his deathbed uh
he was dying up in in Northern Minnesota called me
uh and wanted me to come and see him right away
cuz he was dying and so I flew there and went
and met met him at the hospice and he's sitting
there with all the tubes in him and dying and
he said look he had to tell somebody about this
that he was uh he was the United States Army uh
was assigned as a clerk typist to Project Blue
Book uh and that while Blue Book had this whole
buffaloing operation going on you know telling
people that it was swamp gas and you know birds
that they had misidentified that there were over
700 actual sightings that they found it absolutely
impossible to Discount that they couldn't come
up with because too many people had seen him
you know there too many corroborating witnesses
there was radar tracking and everything uh and he
was assigned to the group that was investigating
those sightings and uh and he would just and they'
send people out to interview all the people that
had seen one of these things and then they' come
back and give them give him their reports and
he would type them all up and he was there for
years uh and got to be close friends with the guy
who was the commander of that unit uh and the guy
came into him after a number of years they they
shared certain kind of religious views uh he with
a commander uh and uh the commander came in and
told him that he was going to be going to Area
51 and wanted him to come with him uh as the clerk
typus just to kind of monitor what they were doing
so they went to Area 51 they got taken to S4
uh went down a number of flights down at S4
and they came to this area where there was this a
a big room with a two-way mirror in it and there
was an extraterrestrial being there uh he was
like you know 5 and 1/2 ft tall almost 6 feet
tall had a kind of a light blue jumpsuit on that
they'd given him and he was standing there uh and
this guy Albert wouldn't go near him uh he was
just traumatized by the by the guy and he said
he he thought he was demonic uh and didn't want
to go near him uh but his Commander went in and
was having this telepathic communication going
on with him uh and so he stayed outside and the
people that were there Staffing the area they
showed him they they had these uh card files uh
where they had been interviewing uh the being
voluntarily uh and he was answering questions
that they had and one of the questions was you
know where do you come from uh and he said that
he was part of a a group of beings that were from
different star systems in our galaxy uh and that
they were part of a a team that were going around
inside the Galaxy look checking on places where
life had actually begun on different planets and
they were sort of monitoring where what they were
doing uh and they they asked the followup question
they say well what who's in charge of that who
what kind of they didn't say it this way but what
kind of juridical entity you know is there that's
coordinating this kind of a thing and he said well
uh uh you you people would refer to it as God but
it's very different from what you think that's
what he said and so they spec they specifically
said that they were from different star systems
and different planets inside our galaxy uh and
there he was did he go more into the God thing
how it's different than he did that's all that's
what he told me and that he wanted to he wanted to
share that with me and he said that uh he didn't
believe him uh he didn't believe it because he
thought he was demonic uh and therefore he wasn't
ever going he never told anybody about this in
his life and he was dying so he wanted to tell me
that this had happened this is this guy was on his
deathbed yeah really what's his name his name is
uh Albert ber Stein Albert Stein he was a he was a
CL typus US Army clerk typus assigned to Blue Book
to this special division of blue book that was
investigating the the uh 700 that's absolutely
insane do you have a a video of you talking to
him that no that uh I I just he just wanted to
come have me come and see him so I went and S
and talked to him do you have do you have other
deathbed confessions like that no okay no I I have
I've have interviews that I've done with people
live people who've had different kind of encounter
exper you know both for example also you know um
barbar lamb you know Barbara lamb no Barbara lamb
is a was an associate of of John Max okay uh and
she's a professional psychologist uh and she had
a practice of kind of helping people who had had
these kind of traumatic experiences of thinking
at least that they'd had a direct encounter with
a landed UFO that was on the ground that they
would have a direct contact experience with the
occupants uh and most people find that fairly
traumatic yeah uh and uh and so she ended up
counseling dozens and dozens of people over a 50e
she's like 90 years old she just became 90 years
old and uh she's she's provided to us her archives
of all the recordings of different people that she
has had sessions with right and and so after all
these years 50 years of interviewing dozens of
people who've had this kind of experience she was
kind of longing as she was approaching 90 kind of
wishing she'd get to see one you know she'd never
seen a UFO she'd never seen a being she was kind
of lamenting this and then one afternoon she
she came in out of her garden into her house
and here was this reptilian guy wow standing in
her living room you know just standing right in
the middle of her living room and she was kind of
taking back uh but he was giving off really kind
of EX extremely friendly positive kind of Vibes
he wasn't scaring her at all uh you know but uh
and uh and she he came over toward her and he said
look you have been wanting to get to see uh one of
us and here I am so I'm just wanting to let you
know you've been doing this a long time and so
that here I am uh and then he turned around and
left do you have any takes on the UFO thing that
very few people agree with you on or that you
know are really out of left field sounding
to the average person or something all of them
are out loud enough yeah I mean yeah but in in
a world where like it's actually seen as somewhat
conventional to believe in at least the phenomena
itself do you have any sort of really contrarian
takes on how this stuff works or no the the what
what I what I do believe uh is that it has an
awful lot to do with Consciousness yeah that
they're monitoring us trying to gauge our state
of evolution of Consciousness yeah because that's
a very big deal yeah to them yeah I AG uh you
know they they use it to to drive their craft
to navigate they do they tele telepathically
communicate you know that this whole thing of
the level of Consciousness that we're at is
really important to them do you think Legacy
programs have made any sort of progress on this
it's it's kind of a a branch office of it which
is the remote viewing stuff that hell put off and
and the targ and those guys have been involved in
do you think that's still in effect and oh yeah
oh there's no doubt about that yeah yeah I mean
that's really sophisticated stuff I mean really
sophisticated stuff what gives you conviction
there I mean obviously it pops up in Skin Walkers
at the Pentagon that they're studying it you know
as part of a tip and assap or whatever but like
that to me is small fish you know it's not a lot
of money no it's it's a big deal uh in that you
know when you know what they accomplished in that
program which they're lying about to everybody
say oh well you know didn't get very far they
couldn't they kind of shut it down so what do you
think they actually accomplish well I'll I'll give
you an example yeah uh because i' I've read the
whole file on it or you just talking about like
Joseph mcmonagle no I'm talking about Pat price
okay what what what happened with Pat price again
Pat price uh was such an accomplished remote
viewer yeah uh that they they actually he got
he got to a point where they this one particular
thing and the reason I saw this parenthetically
is that I was asked to be the attorney for Elon
hubard you were in the Church of Scientology no
way so how how would you connect Scientology
and remote viewing I mean I know how put off
was Scientologist for some time but H put off
was and uh and so was Pat price and so was Ino
swan mhm were highle clears of the Church of
Scientology the FBI and the justice department
in New York subpoenaed the top 10 people in the
Church of Scientology in New York and ordered them
to come in front of a grand jury and they were
going to be interrogating them in front of the
grand jury they called me again and I went up to
New York CU I'm admitted in the southern district
and I got an injunction shutting them down so
they couldn't do that because it was totally
unconstitutional again uh and so they were so sort
of inured of me they that they talked with Ron hub
R hover wanted to have me be the lawyer for them
you know with him and his wife Susan uh you know
against the IRS that whole thing they were doing
so I said that look I wouldn't even meet with Ron
hubard unless there was a condition precedent that
I could be given access to every single document
anywhere in the world uh in the internal files of
the Church of Scientology I figur that was a real
non-starter right yeah of course and uh within
a week they came back and said it's a deal what
do you want to see and so I could query anybody's
eer results anything I could get anything I wanted
and so uh they flew me down to uh to uh Florida
uh and the big blue cube they've got down there
this big huge blue building uh and uh so I go in
and there's the head of the Guardians office us
Guardians office and the international head of
the Guardians you know out of the UK uh and they
say said so what do you want to see and I said
uh well first what I want to see is the file you
got on me mhm and the American guy said no why
no we've got I don't no and I said excuse me I
said what do you think I fell off some melon wagon
somewhere I said you know you're going to have me
to be Elon hub's attorney you don't have any file
on me at all in the international guy says go get
him the file you know so they bring me the file
I'm going through how deep was it how much stuff
did they have well they had they had you know
I me pictur pictures of me what what I you know
I was at I was a Jesuit candidate I was at the
headquarters you know they would follow me around
they showed me in different restaurants you know
and meeting with people you know Mark Lane and
some of the other guys you know they so Mark Lane
he was like uh Kennedy assassination investig yeah
yeah rushed judgment he was the author of that you
know so you know they had all these kind of things
and so I said okay good I just wanted to make sure
that it was that it was accurate you know and then
so the international guy says to me say okay so
what else do you want to see I said I want to see
the three most sensitive files in the entire world
according to you as the head of the Guardians
office you know and he just went oh [__] he said
I said so so either you get him or not you know so
he gets up and he gone and Rees around comes back
and he ends up uh laying one of the the files in
front of me uh and I started looking at it and it
was all reports by Ingo Swan Ingo Swan was filing
reports with a head Guardian office in in UK about
the entire internal operations of the Office of
Naval intelligence uh remote viewing program that
they were doing he was just giving them all the
information and so he was a spy or something
yeah he was a spy for the Church of Scientology
for the Church of Scientology over and against
the Office of Naval intelligence why would he do
that because he was a high level clearer that was
his loyalty group his loyal he was he was loyal to
them prior to that's right that's right over and
above over I I always thought put off was like
looking into that stuff cuz he was like an NSA
guy before he was a Scientology guy so I thought
off was just like tasked to like looking into this
you know very uh you know uh parag governmental
intelligence organization that is Scientology
that's seen as a threat and so you know put get
put off in there no this was a I mean the the
Church of Scientology you're not aware of it
that their highest principle yeah in the Church
of Scientology is all to do with UFOs really
yeah they they believe that there is a major
confrontation going on mhm between the uh the
humanlike people from the pleades over and against
the reptilians from Zeta reticuli and that there's
a major confrontation going on over which of them
is going to actually assert uh major relations
with our planet do you agree with that world view
no I I I don't I but but Swan was like fully in
with the Scientologist giving them information
on the Office of Naval intell and so you're also
saying that there's a remote viewing program that
was deeper than St Target cuz that wasn't Office
of Naval intelligence that was Dia after CIA what
no this this was AO and Pat price some idea how
deep this goes Pat price you know they had the
file inos Swan had the file that Pat price had
gotten so good remote viewing that they assigned
him uh a task of they gave him the exact longitude
and latitude down to the minute and second of a
location uh and he was assigned an artist so that
he didn't have to do these hen scratches trying
to P show it but he was and he was saying you
know I uh so what's there so there's this major
building here uhhuh and there's big big fence up
with razor wire on the top of it and everything
and his facilitator uhuh uh was was uh uh Russell
tar uhhuh and so Russell was saying okay now can
can you get inside the fence can you see anything
inside the fence he goes yeah okay uh all right
yeah I can I can see inside the fence and there's
just this snow man's land there can you get to
the front door of this place and he said all
right he said okay all right I got it yeah okay
I'm in front of the front door he said can you
go inside the building he said uh let me see here
uh okay yeah yeah I can see I can see inside the
building here he said so what do you see say this
big long hallway uh there's some doors on both
sides and Russell said now go go down to the third
door on the left uh he said okay said can you go
into the room yeah I can go into the room so what
do you see well there's big desk there and chairs
and stuff there's a big file cabinet over in the
right corner over here go over to the file cabinet
F goes over the file cabinet there said second
drawer first file read it to him and he did what
was it well that's not the point the point is that
he did it yeah and he can do it you know and it
turns out it's an American facility it's a top CIA
security facility that's insane then so so anybody
with remote viewing skills can get the nuclear
codes not not anybody but Pat price could the
best so that's Pat Price Right M and in the same
file it points out that Pat price had actually
evolved to the point where they could take a full
photograph of a boomer class Russian submarine
nuclear submarine and show it to him and say where
is it right now and he would give them right down
to the exact longitude and latitude down to
the minute and second of exactly where that is
uh and he visualized the whole thing and told
him exactly where it was but there was a huge
UFO right over the top of the water where that
thing was and it was tracking it and monitoring
it and he had it in the file you know I'm going
whoa I said this is uh this is pretty pretty wild
uh and uh then I I said okay so uh what else
have you got you know he says well here and he
said I said show me the show me the second file
they showed me the second file and it was again
from ingos Swan it was a deep inside report from
inos Swan that they had taken Pat price uh in the
program up to Southern Canada south central Canada
just north of the state of Michigan uh and uh he
was in he brought to this little facility was
like this little domed little building uh and
it had these big huge uh dishes on top of these
community vacation dishes on top and they brought
him in and they set him down uh and they put
this helmet on him uh and they had him think
uh a particular message and they turned all the
D the big antenna down to the northern Peninsula
of Michigan that little section that's in there
and had him being telepathically projecting you
know when it comes time for you to file your
your national uh your US income tax forms
next year file them in this little post office
box down this little town down in West Virginia
and 85% of the people did it next year no way
absolutely way that's insane it's you keep saying
that so you're saying you're saying that you're
saying Scientology had some sort of Mind Mass mind
control it wasn't the Church of Scientology what
was it this this was the program the program The
Office of naal Intelligence this was the program
but that's that's like the implications of that
are crazy would no they're profound yeah not quite
quite crazy well it's crazy do you think that
there is a part of our government that interacts
systematically with this other life form because
like if you watch the movie contact you know Jody
Foster walks into the you know this uh uh plane
and it's almost like the implication is this this
guy who's been like kind of tracking her but he's
part of this strata of the world that's just very
elite and he kind of interfaces multibillionaire
guy multi-billionaire guy do you think that
that is the case in in our world i' I'd put
it a little bit differently yeah I have no doubt
whatsoever no doubt whatso zero doubt that there's
an element uh inside our government structures
uh that is part of the intelligence Community as
part of the military that have direct knowledge
about the existence of these extraterrestrial
beings that are here on the planet but are they
systematically in touch with them like do we have
treaties or agreements or that's that's a question
of degree now the question then would be is that
in light of the fact that they know that they're
here that it would be almost impossible to believe
that they hadn't made efforts to have some kind of
communication with them sure they aren't going to
just let them sit there take that a step further
though and say that we've made agreements well
it's you have to take it one step at a time that
that I think that that they clearly would have
made the effort to have communication with them
so the next question you have to ask is is it
reasonable to believe that the beings would have
communicated with them at all uh there does seem
to be some sort of a tacit understanding that they
have uh about being able to coexist in some way
uh whereby the United States government isn't
going to just run out and say oh everybody there's
being from another system you know star system
here on our planet you know so they obviously
have got some sort of uh protocol established here
where they're not going to be revealing it and the
beings themselves are not just going to land on
in Central Park and tell everybody why do you
think the UFO stuff needs to come out is there
a forcing function because I go back and forth
myself where you know I think actually people who
um know me well uh are surprised that like I'm as
skeptical as I am even though like I do all these
interviews or whatever where it just feels like a
lot of the thinking is really lazy and poor you
know we talked earlier about the example of like
you know there just so many scops and stuff I
was sitting in the UFO hearing and I was just
like these people don't know anything like like
honestly I I had two thoughts simultaneously one
is I'm so moved that this is happening this is
amazing this is a watershed moment and then on
the other hand if you wanted to pull off a scop
on these people on like the government itself
on the on the civilian government it would be
easy because they have no idea you know they're
getting spoonfed all sorts of stuff I actually
was with a friend yesterday who uh told me and
I'll keep him anonymous but he he's a a prominent
professor at a you know a pretty well-respected
University who looks at this stuff kind of behind
the scenes the UFO stuff and he was talking about
uh evidence given to a congressional staffer
Congressional staffer gave it to him and some of
his hardcore ufologist friends and they were like
oh this is a this is a hoax from 30 years ago and
the staffer went pale in the face because he was
so sure that you know he was given this stuff in
in a classified setting in a skiff as if it was
real yeah and so this is like kind of crazy so
so you got your finger right on it right now Jesse
is that is the the level of non-competent yeah on
the part of all human beings all organizations you
know is is more than their image they project yes
you know that they've got a whole marketing thing
of you know here's who we are how effective we
are how perfect we are Etc and but if you really
become more and more familiar with the details of
it you really realize that there are all kinds
of vulnerabilities that that organization had
the thing that actually makes me think there's a
there there is there like a lot of pretty serious
people involved you know I'm I've become decently
close with Carl Nell and like I I I consider grush
a really good friend at this point sure and it's
like these guys are pretty hardcore guy they're
very knowledgeable and it's like a big waste
of Human Resources if it's just a scop and so
the question is is there some sort of forcing
function that is causing the program itself to
allow some of these defectors oh out because they
realize this thing is bursting at the seams and
they need to get in front of it or something and
so it's a good start it's a good start yeah well
what do you think because my belief is like I I
I take it face value and fully trust David grush
when he says that he sort of stumbled upon this
stuff and then where I think people are maybe a
little naive and I kind of hinted at this in my
interview with with grush is like the whatever
the defection is from the internal program has
to be somewhat coordinated these people have no
immunity because they haven't come out and so like
the idea that they don't have some authoritative
opice under which they're operating you know
they they'd all be dead if if they weren't and
so there's there's some somebody somewhat in
charge in whatever programs that do exist you
know has has they've said you can you can come
out to this degree that that would be my mental
mod control disclosure that's the key to it all
and so and then the question is are we just seeing
the tip of the iceberg and the tip of the iceberg
looks nothing like the bottom of the iceberg or
does the tip of the iceberg resemble the bottom of
the iceberg so we're getting a snapshot of what we
knew maybe in the late 40s or early 50s and we're
getting some sense of Greater enological truth and
it's just you know kind of we're get we're working
our way down into into some core truth I can see
all these little 3x5 cards going up on the wall
you know that you you're kind of laying them out
here here's the possibilities there's this this
it's all true you got to get them all up in front
of you and all the things that you're saying
are things that that Merit exploration MH you
uh and some of them are internally and
self-referentially consistent some of them
aren't you know so that you can drop some of them
down into different baskets that are consistent
with each other that's how you go about doing
this yeah you know uh uh in that uh obviously
I've thought about all these things yeah you know
and representing Lou and in talking with Carl and
talking with David and you know in discussing
these things with them you know but I keep I
I consistently refuse to get a security clearance
yeah I will not do that yeah because then whatever
I know about they're going to try to say I must
have gotten it through the security clearance and
then I can't tell anybody right you know so I'm
not going to do that yeah and and I I know more
than a lot of them do you're a Harvard trained
psychiatrist or a professor of Psychiatry at
Harvard to be exact I admire John Mack a lot he
seemed like a very Earnest good guy what do you
think his mission was at the end of his life like
do you think it was just to kind of destigmatize
things for kind of the uh you know victims or
abductees in these cases or or or or was it to
spread some sort of new worldview that he had or
well he had he had at least two different missions
you know he was running the peer group the project
for Extraordinary experience research uh and that
I was legal counsel for the group uh that was
where I got to meet lots of experiencers and
help vet those people uh and John and I had both
decided more or less at my suggestion actually as
it turns out uh to try to train them mhm that if
they're going to get repeatedly abducted you know
why don't we train them to do holotropic breathing
and just stay calm when it starts to happen and
then question the ET people and and we'll give
you a sets of questions to get information from
them you so that we can start getting direct
line have like a diplomatic reach out to these
people did they get anything interesting no what
it was is that uh she study car on was she she
was furious at the the UFO people because
she'd been abducted uh and then when after
she hadd been returned and couldn't remember
exactly what happened she found that she was
pregnant and she hadn't been with anybody for
like over a year she couldn't understand what
was going on uh and she was pregnant went all the
way through to the end of the first trimester uh
and she was going to the obti and and getting she
couldn't figure out what was going on uh and then
she gets abducted again and she's not pregnant
anymore and uh and she was just furious about
this about what they were doing with her so when I
they would show up again she would actually throw
things at them she would like throw lamps at them
and you know kick them and and and throwing things
at them and she was outraged at these guys right
uh and uh and she was one of the people that John
was was interviewing she came to to work with John
so we agreed she's one a good candidate to kind
of get her trained to get her to come down and
do all that and we did that uh and she the next
time it started happening she used to say her
like the hair would kind of start to stand up
on her arms and she could get this weird feeling
that it was getting ready to happen again so she
could tell and so she started doing the holotropic
breathing and so these three little dudes show up
you know in her living room they brought her onto
the craft you know totally conscious now about it
and they have her have to take off all of her
clothes and get in this pool this kind of like
pool filled with this kind of gelatin kind of
weird aqua colored gelatin stuff and she'd get
in and she had to breathe it in and fill her lungs
up with it uh and stay under there for a while and
and it was a very weird experience yeah and then
they bring her to this other place she didn't they
they took her off the craft and brought her to the
she couldn't she didn't see the environment she
didn't see what was going on Outdoors but and and
there was this little hybrid uh like 2-year-old
uh girl uh you know really kind of stringy hair
and kind of big eyes but she knew instantaneously
that that was her daughter you know the critique
everybody has of the UFO thing they say it's not
scientific because it's inherently ephemeral it's
not repeatable I disagree there no they say there
are no patterns it's there are patterns the two
patterns that I have noticed are one is people
who are in heightened States Of Consciousness
or engaging in specific protocols or whatever
or the nuclear connection you have 170 ICBM
security Personnel radar operators people who
work at nuclear bases across the United States
who are have to be the picture of mental health
in fact many of them are on the PRP program
the personal reliability program where they
they have to report if they're on ibuprofen yes
because they're guarding the crown jewels of the
United States defense they hit the wrong button
it's no not good for us and they claim to have
consistently see anomalous objects in the sky
sure around their nuclear bases in fact there's
a really great book called the UFOs and nukes by
a guy named Robert Hastings where he Chronicles
all of this stuff he's a super hard-headed you
know detail oriented guy yeah and there was even
a case in as late as 10 right after he retired in
2008 uh at Fe Warren in Wyoming where there was
an outage for an hour and Wired Magazine wrote it
up and they're like why is there's an outage at a
nuclear base like that that's a big deal in and of
itself Hastings back channeled with the missileers
there and they were all like yeah there was a Tic
Tac shaped object oblong object flying in the sky
and that caused the outage and time and time again
you hear of all these cases and those guys careers
have been hit because of report rep in this and
the Air Force office of special investigations
continuously shows up and kind of makes their
life a living hell after after they experience
this so anyways to the people that say this isn't
sort of a repeatable thing it's not true it's not
true yeah it's just just that they're ignorant
yeah you know I mean the the only thing worse
than being ignorant is being ignorant and then
arrogant about it yes yes you know and that's
the way lot lot of the people are yeah uh and and
so that what I've said is I've just ignored that
you know say you know if a person is ignorant you
don't have to beat up on them over it they're just
ignorant uh and you don't have to be insulting
to them because if they're ignorant they don't
know it and so they think you're wrong when you
accuse them of being ignorant yeah so there's no
advantage to that but but there's a whole other
level of people in our human family that are not
ignorant that that uh follow protocols and try to
figure out what's really going on and that's what
we're talking about here and and one of the most
important issues that this element of our human
family deal with uh is the UFO issue uhuh uh
and the the reality is is that it mixes in with
these psychic faculties um and that the so even
though you have something is dare I say prosaic
as extraterrestrial beings who have who have
been like two billion years more technologically
advanced than we are and psychically advanced than
we are you know who happen to have been figured
out how to come and go from our planet okay bang
you know but then there's all this other stuff
there's all this other strange phenomenon that
goes on on our planet that exists at this other
level of insight uh such as the capacities of our
human family to have telepathy and teleportation
and astral travel in remote viewing uh in
transmutation of matter you know and and and but
what we've done is we've we've culturally riveted
on some of these beings in the past like Jesus or
LSU or the Buddha and say wow look what these look
what these individuals have done and what they do
is they build up a complete religion around these
people and then they a tenant of the religion is
that you can't do this yeah this one individual
person could do this yeah uh and therefore there's
something super nonhuman about them they're
transcendental they're they're spiritual
they're they're they're from some other domain
somewhere you know it's not true that what they
are is there mutations of our human family that
as this faculty is evolving in our human family
uh certain individuals have it more fully evolved
than others and they attract attention when when
this happens you know uh that's what's going
on as I say this is another another element uh
that really intelligent thinking careful people uh
who are not ignorant uh are interested so you're
saying it's almost the the metal layer to or the
source code of religion in some ways this there's
no doubt about that and it's funny because you
know we uh you probably know Diana Pula who's a
religious studies professor at UNC Wilmington she
originally wrote a book called Heaven Can waade
about Catholic purgatory and specifically she was
chronicling a lot of divine intervention quote
unquote experiences from you know Brothers nuns
people associated with the church yes people who
are you know seen in her eyes is fairly credible
Witnesses and she would actually go back to the
Greek and Latin of the translations and she would
consistently find that there was almost a onetoone
match between that and the description of you know
if you read John Max abductions you know book it
was the same thing it was like an orb showing like
St Francis of AI she just sees a an orb showing up
and it you know he has radiation damage and so
um you know may maybe we're actually uncovered
sort of the source code of a lot of these sort of
quote unquote Divine experiences no that is true
do you think that the Angels and Demons kind of
nomenclature that's just been used you know across
civilizations that might that might just be it
and the reason I ask is because there was actually
there's a book called final events by a guy named
Nick Redfern and he talks about there's this
Evangelical Christian group that was very embedded
in the CIA called the Collins Elite and they
were at right Airfield uh and they were studying
demonic entities and they were doing all sorts of
weird cabalistic stuff and they were attracting
these sort of you could say similar to you know
the protocols of amist like neoplatonist or Thomas
aquinus is kind of Angel hierarchies you know
beings between us and God which have been believed
in for centuries and they then came out of that
study saying this stuff is demonic it's evil you
know maybe we are actually living The Book of
Revelations and this stuff showing up is you know
greater greater propond is is actually really bad
and they started to campaign against it yeah well
there there are different lenses through which you
a worldview that you can perceive this thing uh
and there's no doubt that that is one of them you
know that that is one of the lenses through which
they're perceiving this entire operation which is
that is that scary are we at the end of history or
something that feels like sort of a paradigm shift
no it is a paradigm shift uh but that doesn't
mean you're at the end of History it means that
you're there's sort of a full aadal jump you know
in Consciousness that's what's happening right now
uh and it's it's generating a lot of instability
and people are becoming you know disconnected to
reality and not not trusting in facts anymore and
and speculating wildly and and you know trying to
figure out what's going on you know in the the
UFO phenomenon is an integral part of that uh
and the whole relationship of psychic capacities
of our human family are directly related to this
you know uh in in the whole issue of religions uh
trying to figure out you know whether there's some
new religion that is birthing here uh that relates
this and but remember that religion the Latin root
of religion is reare uh which is like to relink
and ever since the evolution of the intellect
in our species of homo sapiens sapien the in us
the Latin root of intellectus is is the ability
to distinguish the difference between uh and so
that we've been able to experientially experience
the difference between oursel and all the rest
of our environment uh and that we've developed
an intellect that is able to manipulate that and
and kind of computerize it and and mathematize it
and all of that and to primarily to manipulate uh
physical reality around ourselves do you think you
know it almost feels like the most underrated
narrative here it's it's not as much maybe
about the crafts that were trying to reverse
engineer but it's about the people that seem
to attract this phenomena and so like like Betty
and Barney Hills this famous you know uh case in
1961 you know they see this craft coming I think
it's in Vermont or New Hampshire New Hampshire
that's right and um CD Jackson who's uh in the
psychological strategy board under Eisenhower
and uh also runs kind of our psychological
warfare program during the war during the war
and was the editor-in chief of of Life magazine
there you go FR Hen Henry loose yes he he comes
he goes to New Hampshire and um and meets with
Betty and Barney Hill and so there's a special
interest on the part of the government among the
people who've been contact now you have this guy
Chris bledo in North Carolina who like you have
this guy Jim semivan who's a hardcore Intel guy
top ranking CIA official who's you know 20- year
Intel career and he some why is he showing up at
Chris Bludso's house and asking him what he's
you know Chris bledo says he's encountered this
divine feminine figure that says she's come from
the Dark Side of the Moon is semivan just wasting
his time spending time with him it almost feels
like people are the conduit for this like esoteric
information and there's a strata of Intel that's
interested in the people themselves all of that's
true like like like Greer for example who you
worked with he started doing these C5 protocols
and attracting the sort of alien stuff and then
you got you have Albert stubblebine and John
Alexander get in touch with him and it's almost
like they're trying to recruit him into something
like they become very interested in him because
he's an attractor of this stuff getting warm now
okay so what what does all this mean yeah right
yeah well it what what it means what it means
is that there's a a very definite uh psychic uh
connection here uh what what we as human beings
Homo sapiens refer to as psychic capacities
you know telepathy uh you know precognition
uh remote viewing capacities uh there's a whole
series of charisms that are that're basically
referred to in the Hindu Stu as sidas yeah you
know which is our function of Consciousness is
that that clearly our human species is capable
of of experiences that are non normal yes uh
they regular normal people don't have these
experiences or at least they don't realize it
my first year of Law School uh I had come up from
Harvard College had gone across the street to the
law school and I had heard that crane Brinton uh
who was the uh the chairman of the Department of
intellectual history at Harvard for like 30 years
and he was going to be doing his last lecture and
he said uh he got up and he said you know I've
been asked to lecture on what I think the most
important single intellectual Insight of our
human family is that I've encountered in my
50 years and he said and this is easy he said he
said I think that all the greatest minds of our
human family have come to realize that our human
family is right on the brink of its next step in
biological evolution uh and that we're going to
be evolving from homo sapien sapien into the next
stage of our biological evolution and the key
factor that is going to differentiate the next
species from us is this evolution of this faculty
there's a faculty like seeing or hearing that that
is able to directly and immediately experientially
access a certain vibrational frequency uh that
exists in the universe like light or like sound
but that there's an extraordinarily subtle bonding
phenomenon that bonds every single ultimately
irreducible integer of matter in the entire
physical Universe into one unified harmonic ho
said and that this is this is discernible uh it's
extraordinarily subtle but there's a faculty that
is evolving by means of which we can access this
experience and when when one has this experience
the it's like it's like a crystal set locking
into a a kind of a radio signal and that you lock
into this unitive phenomenon in the universe and
it can download all kinds of information to you
uh nonlinearly like seeing or hearing he said in
that he said in that this faculty we're at the
brink of of of moving into this new species he
said he said and I think he said he said to us
all this is 1968 right this is like May of 1968
and he says and I think that's why so many of you
young men here refused to go fight in this war in
Vietnam ah wow that's what he said to us in that
lecture so he's saying that like you know Pierre
deardon like the the very well as a matter of
fact the the new sphere like like the sort of
mental sheath around the earth that you could sort
of tap into or the Russian the Russian cosmists
sort of believed in something similar yeah so
to the Chinese interesting this the first thing
that Dr Jen Jo Jing showed me Dr Jen Jo Jing who's
the head of the Chinese Academy of social science
that they've got this uh this faculty in Beijing
300 of the top professors in all fields that are
there for the poet Bureau and uh I met her that
I I was chairing for the state of the world forum
for gorbachov and for James Baker at the end of
the the cold war that I chaired a thing called
the Strategic initiative to identify the new
paradigm uh and uh I met her in that context uh
and she invited me to come to China and uh wow as
soon as I showed up the first thing she did is she
brought me to the laboratory showing me all these
experiments they were doing with psychic abilities
and they were exploring and trying to figure out
what what all this was and so that this this is
a very real thing uh that our human family is is
going through right now it's a it's a transition
period into a kind of a new paradigm uh and the
UFO stuff is part of it you know well Aerospace
has been very interested in Paras pychology mind
over matter for a very long time they sort of
hidden it but like you have James McDonald
who's the patron of McDonald Douglas he had
a parapsychology Institute in the 60s uh you had
I think he was actually pretty close with uh Bob
John who was the dean of engineering at Princeton
who went on to start the Princeton uh anomalies
you know pair uh and this this is extraordinarily
important it's really important and people people
people who are who GFA at it and and poke fun
at it stuff are just not only ignor but they're
arrogant I just had a call with we I'll delete
this if I I'll ask him if I can put this in here
but the the head of revolutionary technology that
Skunk Works I think this is okay to say CU he's
on record sort of believing in this stuff but he's
head of like the the program that uh you know like
our our most important Recon aircrafts just on
an objective level come out of and he believes
in all this stuff he's I mean he's I mean he I
think is is on record if he didn't he shouldn't
be in this position he's yeah totally no exact if
anything can procure an advantage for them they
have to be studying it yeah and so yeah it's very
interesting just how interested they are in this
sort of Mind Over Matter stuff and it's almost
like a cleavage between Academia which shut down
you know all ideas around Paras pychology in the
70s through 90s uh and then Aerospace where it's
like it's just basic Game Theory you have to
you have to do anything to get an advantage
where they they really went way deeper into
Paras pychology and then Academia stuck in
string theory which is a stupid abstract math
that hasn't gotten us anything hasn't shipped
any prodct they're still stuck in the scientific
logical positivist materialist worldview that's
right you know it's it's institutionalized at
the Academy at the University level uh and that
therefore you can't you can't get Cutting Edge
uh exploration on the part of some of the better
minds of our family Human family they won't they
won't allow it yes uh philosophy Theology and any
of them you can't go there yes uh and so that's
why you have lot these other like that we have a
relationship with the new paradigm Institute it's
called ubiquity University they're accredited in
Europe uh but you they can't get accredited here
in the United States uh because they talk about
this stuff yeah and saying look we've got to get
we've got to get intelligent Minds working on this
some systematic way it's so absurd we spend $15
billion on a large hygrine collider and you have
the possibility that there's a mind mind matter
interface that kind of our cartisian dualist ideas
are just totally off and it's like maybe you
know sub 50 million has been spent on you know
I know and and maybe that's by Design I don't
quite know yeah and there still there're still
you know lighting uh like rocket fuel on fire and
burning it com to shoot a to shoot a rocket up
into the and they're spending billions of dollars
on that as a front operation you think you think
it's a front so you think SpaceX is a front
totally for what for what's really known about
what the way that these craft really work right
but then are we operating the craft then or when
you say the well no it's interesting that they
they they obviously ran into a major problem uh
you look at a random event generator you have you
know basically the Mind affecting random uh kind
of quantum mechanical processes like Quantum
tunneling or radioactive isotope Decay yeah so
you know you have this almost like per perfect
digital coin flip created you have one one and
a zero that's showing up on a screen but it's tied
to this perfect random quantum mechanical process
and an observer is present and they can
statistically beyond the standard deviation
sway it between one and zero and so maybe
there's something about the ability to Pilot
the craft that you know requires a certain level
of internal Harmony orating on the point I was
making yeah is that they they weren't able to fly
them yeah they they've got them but they can't fly
them have you ever seen a UFO no have you ever
SE seen photographs you've seen a picture of a
UFO photographs where have you seen a picture
of a UFO in the classif files of Project Blue
Book you got to go through the files of Blue
Book so Blue Book for the audience was the Air
Force's investigation in UFOs under astronomer
Jay Allen Heck from the 50s in the 60s 52 to2 69
and really you were able to go through weren't
those classified files they were how were you
able to see them were you in a a kind of a skiff
a compartmentalized facility or no it was the the
they brought them to the uh basement uh offices of
uh the Madison building of the National Archives
you know back before the building was open the
building had just been finished in the early
spring January of 77 and I was the special counsel
to the study that was being done at the request
of President Carter what was the study welle pres
you just have to back up a bit when when President
Carter remember had seen a UFO yeah in 1969 I
believe it was with a bunch of other people a
bunch of people 11 other people they were standing
on the steps of this Lion's Club although I think
that sighting may have be been debunked since no
it's it it wasn't uh he he no it hasn't been that
what what he he saw he it was it was only like
a thousand yards away it wasn't like a big you
know star in the sky or any of that weird stuff
it was like a UFO and he was very specific about
it he talked about it yeah there's an interview
where he talks about yeah and he and he filed a
report about it with the Air Force and and stuff
with naikap at the time uh and so that when he was
elected in the first week of November of 19 uh
76 you know the first thing he did was he sent
for the head of the Central Intelligence agency
to come down to Plains Georgia uh even before
he had gone to Washington so he was still at his
home down in Georgia uh in ask the CIA person had
person to come to brief him on the UFO issue and
it turns out that person was George H W bush uh
who had been appointed by Gerald Ford who had come
in taking over for Nixon when Nixon resigned over
the Watergate thing there's a rumor that uh Jimmy
Carter saw the UFO files and was shocked by them
and and tears or very distraught is that a rumor
is that BS or a rumor is the most it's it's Arisen
to that so when when Carter was was inaugurated on
the 21st of January in 77 one of the first things
he did is he contacted Congress and told him that
the the agency refused to brief him he didn't want
to have a war with the CIA you know and spend all
that political Capital trying to engage with them
on uh this and so he asked the uh Congressional
uh Science and Technology committee to to contact
the the uh Congressional research service and
have them do a special uh research project for
him on what all the information was that our
United States government had uh about the UFO
phenomena uh and about whether or not there was
any connection with extraterrestrial intelligence
he asked both things uh and so that I ended up
being contacted by Mar Dr Marsha Smith who is the
head of the Science and Technology division of the
uh Congressional research service and she asked if
I would be special counsel to the project uh and
I agreed to do that and uh and it's there's two
or three steps involved here because I don't want
people to get the wrong impression that the reason
that she asked me to be special counsel to the
investigation was specific speically she wanted me
to contact the Vatican archives and see as general
counsel for the Jesuit national headquarters in
their Social Ministry Office whether I could get
access to the the Vatican archives and find out uh
for the Library of Congress and for the president
what information they had so I checked with the my
superiors of the judu would headquarters and
got permission to do that and so I agreed to
be special counsel so I contacted the the Vatican
uh and ask if they would let us give me access to
the to the archives uh and they said no so I was
kind of taken aback by that and so I wrote them
a second letter with the authority of the Jesuit
headquarters and it re explained in more detail
what we were doing and why we were doing it uh and
they still said no and so I contacted Dr Marshall
Smith and told her that this it's not going to
happen they won't won't do it so I figured that
was it that was the you know my my sole role as
the special counsel uh but then she called me back
a couple weeks later and she said uh oh uh the
the new the new Congress that's come in uh with
President Carter uh the House of Representatives
cut out half of all of the budget for seti the
search for extraterrestrial intelligence at the
jet propulsion laboratory and so she said uh that
she's helping to organize a group of astronauts to
go to the key members of Congress at the House of
Representatives uh to Advocate putting the full
budget back in would you agree to do that would
you agree to go with them as the legal counsel for
the Jesuit headquarters so I did I went with you
know Rusty Schwab and a whole bunch of the schwier
and a bunch of the other folks uh and we went
around and talked to the Congress people and they
put the money back in and so the she Dr Marshall
Smith called me and said oh the scientists at the
SEI project are super excited they're really happy
uh they're very thankful for you to help on this
thing would you they want you to come and and give
a closed door seminar to them on the theological
implications of contact with an extraterrestrial
civilization so the bottom line is that uh that
uh I get asked by by Dr Marshall Smith to to go
out and do this this uh seminar to the top 50
scientists soci C so I I say where I said look
if I'm going to go do this you know I'd like to
really to have you get me some access to some
of the stuff that you're getting and gathering
for the president you know that you're putting
together so I can be better briefed on you know
what we're doing here to talk with them and she
said well okay what would you like to have and
I said oh I I want to have the classified pors
of Project Blue Book and she said oh right there
they're they're not ever going to give that to us
and I said well you know you won't get it unless
you ask I said here you are doing this for the
president you'll just if you would ask them so I
can see them uh and she said well okay I'll ask
and uh uh she called me back like I don't know 3
or four days later or more and she calls back and
she said well she's totally surprised that they
agreed that I could see her so I did you know I
get my suit on I bring my little lawyer briefcase
I bring the whole line yards and bring my passport
and my Washington DC driver's license I go over
to the Madison Building and I would come there
and I was a Saturday morning uh and here are these
two suits there these big no- neck tough guys kind
of suit you know they're not Air Force those are
not Air Force guys you know I don't know couldn't
quite tell who they were uh but look like SF guys
you know uh and so so they are kind of gruff and
they check my ID out I showed them the ID and
stuff they said all right so they leave me into
the hallway and they say okay go down the hallway
here to the to your right go down there and take
the elevator down go down to the the basement
uh and you'll see them so I said all right so
I go down the hallway and I get in the elevator
and I start down the elevator and it was just an
instinctive thing I did I opened up my briefcase
and took out a yellow pad a legal pad and closed
up my briefcase and I put the yellow pad under
my arm uh and I come down to the the basement
floor and I get out of the elevator and there's no
lights on like in the hallway or but I could see
down the hall I could see down down to the left
I can see a light out of a room with the door
open so down I go I got down there hear these two
other suits two other guys there right and they
both check my ID and stuff and they say okay you
got to got to leave the briefcase here stuff you
can't you can't go in you can't take any no you
can't record anything uh you know but uh here's
the room and so I uh so I I walked in the room
and I say it's like about 20 ft wide and about
12 15 ft deep and there these three cardboard kind
of card tables you know uh uh there in the in the
room and they had these boxes little cardboard
boxes like they were big like big shoe boxes
like they're big bigger than a shoe box but they
were this kind of pale green with a little tie
little string tie on them uh and so and they had a
microfish machine was there and so so I go and sit
down and I take the yellow pet off on there and I
lay it down there I go over and I open up one of
the boxes and they've got there's a whole bunch
of documents with you know all kinds of you know
uh uh head letter head on them and everything
and so I'm saying look at this is going to take
me forever if I start reading all these things
let me just try to find some photos and so I I
went through this one then another can of it and
another I think maybe the third canister of this
stuff and here are these photos and there's it was
photos of a there wasn't any doubt about what it
was it was a crash retrieval of a UFO you could
see that the UFO had had crashed into this field
and there was snow on the on on the field and it
had plowed this big gouge all the way through this
field and the dirt was all turned up and stuff and
the the UFO itself was stuck in the side of this
big embankment that was covered with snow but you
could tell it was like just Earth and embankment
it was stuck in the side of the bank you have any
idea where the UFO was or it the photo it was no
it was it was snow and there were Air Force guys
all around it I could tell that's what they were
and it was Winter and they had these they had the
park is on like with a little fur around the the
hood stuff do you think there's any chance it was
fabricated for you to to show you it would have
been ridiculous to to go to to those lengths to
set up some fake picture or something like that I
mean it was it was clear it was clear that it was
and you you could see the guys taking photographs
of it and and there was one like a movie camera
they had that that had those weird two canisters
on the top like this kind of an old timey kind
of older version of a movie camera uh and they
were filming it uh and you know there were like
three or four of the different photos of it from
different angles and I could see it in in one of
the photos I could see that around the bottom of
the Dome it was a classic saucer like 40 ft
wide and it was stuck in the embankment and
that I could see around the base of the Dome on
the the saucer this these symbols that were all
around the base of the of the Dome and I I looked
at it and I I cranked it up again so I could see
the the symbols and and what I did is I I took
out the yellowad and I opened it up for some
reason just instinctively I opened it up to the
inside cardboard of it and I slid it under the
the microfish machine and I focused it so that I
could see see the symbols uh and then I traced the
symbols exactly uh verbatim you know all the way
around this the half of the the the Dome that I
could see and I just put them all I just traced
all of them uh and uh I I put put the closed up
the yellow pad you know rolled up the the micro
fish put it back in the little canister and put it
back in the box and tied the little string on it
and put it back and I said okay that's it I got it
you know wow did did anybody else see it or no
no well they father father Davis saw it photo
no no he sawm he saw the tracings did you not
want to show anybody the photo itself well I
didn't have the photo itself I I there wasn't any
way I could get you were alone I was just alone I
was just alone there the two guys were outside the
door okay uh and so I I I had the I had the thing
traced so I put the stuff away I put the the the
yellow patter under my arm again and I just walked
out can you sketch the yeah UFO yeah I'd love to
see I I can sketch the UFO I can show you exactly
what it looked like okay so here's here's the
photo and it's uh you know you you can see the
field here uh and it was so that you could see the
plow there was this thing plowed right straight
through here this is the dirt with all the dirt
all kicked up all along the the side of this
trench and the trench was dug all the way through
the field and the the craft itself was like this
and it was it was stuck in the in the the side
of the the hill and the hill came down like this
and it was stuck well it wasn't that tall it was
like up here uh and it was stuck there and around
the bottom of the Dome on top of here there was
right like this around here there were all of
these little symbols there were these symbols
that were here and they they they look like
this and and that's that's what they they they
went all the way around here have you spoken to
like a symbologist since then do you have any
sense of you should I I I hadn't what I what
I did is I I walked out of there uh when
I had him and I I walk out and I I walked
pass these two guys there was and they were kind
of surprised that I had come out of there so fast
I mean I've kicked myself a hundred times since
then you know why didn't stay in there and try
to figure out more stuff so what I did is I you
know I I I was kind of freaked out you know that
we got well so I come I walk out of the place
uh and I I reach down and pick up my briefcase
and start just walking away these guys you know
and they were kind of surprised that I'd come out
of there that fast uh and uh and so as I started
walking down the hall one of them says hey hold
it hold it what do you got there and I said uh oh
this is my briefcase I just picked up my briefcase
and he said no no no no what do you got under
your arm over there and both of the guys come
over to me and they stop me and uh one snatches
the yellow pth away and and Ruffles through the
pages and there's nothing on them of course uh
CU I did it on the inside of the cardboard on
the back wow uh inside and so they didn't even
see it and then he just hands it back to me
me and so I just walk walk away and I I kind
of go down the hallway and get back into the
elevator wow and uh and then it was elevator's
going up I open my briefcase and put it back
inside and and walk up then well you brought up
Carter's initial interest in UFOs because he saw
one then he goes to George HW Bush and he says
I want to get briefed uh so HW Bush probably you
know knew a lot about the whole UFO phenomena and
2015 2016 when Jeb Bush his son is uh campaigning
you know against Trump and the Republican primary
uh George HW Bush is you know helping him campaign
he's very old at the time and he's on the stage
he's in a wheelchair and somebody from the public
in a you know Q&A session says what do you know
about UFOs and he starts going off about how you
know the American public is not ready for the
truth on UFOs which is definitely offs script
from what he would usually say and uh you know
they just sort of slowly wheel him off the stage
and you know say he's like you know he's not uh
doesn't have his marbles or whatever interesting
yeah but um what about JFK you know there's this
document from 2005 that was it was Foyd in 2005 um
and by a guy named I think Lester William Lester
um and I've tried to get in touch with this guy
multiple times because I want to know whether it's
real or fake it's like this another thing like the
Oppenheimer thing where it's like if Oppenheimer
was involved with UFOs that's this crazy Smoking
Gun that like would really change the public in
cus if JFK was looking into UFOs at the end of
his life and we know that that also would be this
really important fact for people to know and so
it's this letter that was foed in 2005 but it's
from November 12th 1963 so 10 days before he shot
in Dallas and it's a letter from him to acting CIA
director John mccon and he's saying I want all the
data on unknowns but by unknowns he means UFOs
and he's saying specifically I'm worried about
you know uh the USSR uh freaking out because
you know they're seeing these UFOs in their
airspace and they think they're acts of American
aggression yeah and so do you think that that
letter might have been real or I mean might have
been real might not have been I don't know I I do
know I do know that in when when uh I was when
I was working with dick Billings dick Billings
was the chief staff writer for the house select
committee on assassinations and he was one of my
investigators uh actually at the at the christic
Institute back in Washington uh and he and I were
investigating uh the the assassination CU he was a
very very important guy he's the guy that got the
zeruda film down in Dallas and he was the guy that
had he was the The Life Magazine uh guy for Miami
the Miami uh office uh and was F and he ran the he
ran the Life Magazine team that was on the ground
in Dallas the day of the assassination afterwards
he's the guy that got there there's a Bruder film
he knows all about all that stuff I had just been
uh over on the hill meeting with uh tip O'Neal
uh and uh and also with uh on the Senate side was
uh Clayborn pal uh and showing them copies of the
complaint that we had drafted Clayborn pel by the
way is super interested in Paras pychology and all
sorts of crazy stuff and he's Biden he was Biden's
Mentor all throughout his career anyway keep so so
the bottom line is I I've been over on the hill
I was showing them copies of the complaint that
we had uh prepared uh and it filed already down
in Miami bottom line I come back to I come back
to my office and I walk into the office 1324 North
Capital Street you you know just 13 blocks in the
capital walk in and Patty Austin is my secretary
she says uh Danny there's a older gentleman here
waiting to see you and I said uh well who is it
she said I don't know he didn't give me his name
and I said well where is he and she said he's
up in your office sitting waiting for you and
so I said all right so I go upstairs I go into my
office and I walk over and I here's this guy he's
looks like he's about 65 years old or something
like this and so I walk over I I said hi I'm Danny
Shen he said great it's good to good to meet you
Mr Shen and never told me what his name was and so
uh I go back and I get behind my desk and I say
okay what what can I do for you he said uh look
he said uh I've got a copy of your complaint here
and he pulls out a copy of the complaint which had
been sealed actually by Judge James Lawrence King
down in in Florida the just the previous Friday
and so so I was kind of a little bit taken aback
that he had it uh and he said he said uh now he
said you don't you don't know who I am at all I
said yeah I noticed that uh and he said uh but
look it I just want to uh ask you a few questions
you don't have to answer me if you don't want but
I think I might be able to help you on this I
said okay what he said now you got 29 people
listed here as the defendants in your Iran Contra
you know Federal Criminal racketeering complaint
uh was the addo the associate deputy director
for operations of the CIA uh uh running covert
operations uh and uh he was the immediate boss
of the fellow who was the uh National Security
adviser for George Bush Senior who's the vice
president I said so that you know in since that's
the guy in whose office they've been meeting
the Iran Contra people uh and and uh and Felix
Rodriguez and the guys were meeting with him you
know uh so a lot of people would think that that's
the reason I think that he's the most important
uh and he said but that's not the that's not the
reason why you think he's the most important and I
said no no he said well why do you think he's the
most important I said I said because he was the
CIA station Chief in Miami uh on November 22nd of
1963 and he said he said there aren't two men in
the world that would have answered that question
that way he said my name is Dick Billings I
was the chief staff writer for the house select
committee on assassinations I think I can help
you out on this case and that's how it started we
found out that that Kennedy on June 5th of 1963 uh
and this would be what June July August SE October
like five months earlier uh that he had asked to
be briefed on the UFO stuff he wanted all the UFO
stuff on June 5th that was the same day that uh
Bobby Kennedy had been first notified about the
existence of the political assassination team that
had been put together by Richard Nixon back in
1960 when he was the vice president and the chair
of the 5412 committee under is under isenhower
here is a bulletin from CBS News in Dallas Texas
three shots were fired at President Kennedy's
motorcade in Downtown Dallas do you think that
the CIA killed JFK not exactly okay not exactly uh
but I do know who did kill him you know and I do
know that it was an s force it was a 15-man force
that was created back in 1960 okay actually uh by
Richard Nixon and this was the force created to go
after kill Castro to kill Fidel Castro R Castro
CH Goa in five particular kantes of the new uh
government and so why did Nixon create this for
us to kill Castro he realized who well actually
what he did strangely enough is he called Howard
Hughes MH was the the the day the day that uh that
Nelson Rockefeller MH withdrew from the Michigan
State Primary in the Republican presidential
primary campaign uh was the day that Richard Nixon
knew he was going to be the Republican nominee in
1960 okay and he knew that this Kennedy kid whose
father you know had basically bought him a seat
you know in the Congress and he was just kind of
you know Hollow vehicle you know uh it was he was
going to beat him and so what he did is picks
up the telephone the security phone in the 5412
Committee of the National Security Council and
calls Howard Hughes because Howard Hughes was a
secret consultant to the National Security Council
he had he had invented the the glomar Explorer to
pick up Russian submarines if they fail and fall
to the bottom of the ocean he did the c5a cargo
plane the big uh Spruce Goose and he was doing
two other extreme extremely extremely sensitive
programs what what was he doing I can't tell you
that uh but that uh but the bottom line is he was
close in Well he must have been working on UFO
stuff too not no he was not he was he was not no
no they hadn't gotten him in on that he was doing
things much more kind of military kind of prosaic
military stuff so the bottom but the bottom
line is Nixon knew him because of that because
Nixon chaired the 5412 committee mhm as the vice
president under Eisenhower in 1960 so he chaired
that 5412 committee that's in charge of covert
operations so he knew about him being there and
so he picks up the the red phone and calls Howard
Hughes and tells Hughes that he wants him to set
up an assassination team to kill Fidel Castro
and Raul Castro and Chay Goa because they're
refusing Nixon's demands being communicated to
them that they not have any diplomatic relations
either Russia or China he was setting that up as
a condition you know he was invoking basically the
Old Monroe Doctrine what what he did is asked uh
uh uh him to set up an assassination team he asked
Howard Hughes to do that Howard Hughes didn't
agree or disagree on the phone being smart enough
not to trust Trump trust Nixon as whether he was
recording it or not so he didn't say yes or no
but he called in one of his lawyers Bob Mayu and
assigned it to mayh to figure out how we might do
this and so Mayu goes in they were in Las Vegas
where where they were right uh and he goes and
Robert Mayu goes to see Johnny roselli and Johnny
roselli is the bagman at the two casinos that were
owned by the mafia right and his his principal uh
uh is uh in in in Chicago uh he goes to see him
right Sam janana M and says look I uh so so Mayhew
goes to Johnny roselli and says look you guys you
guys uh with the bent noses you know you got your
own reason for wanting to get rid of Castro you
know he closed down all the gambling casinos he
closed down the whouses and very importantly he
closed off the heroin trafficking that was coming
in through the Golden Triangle okay and uh and so
therefore you got your own reasons for wanting
to get rid of them so why don't you guys do that
that Nixon's getting set to be president MH
he wants you to do this m and so so he says
well I can't do it without talking to Gian Kan
who's my my principal so he goes back to Chicago
and talks to Gian Gian says well wait a this is
traffic's territory down there m he's the da of
the mafia in Havana and even though he fled from
Havana on January 1st of 1959 when when Castro
took over so he fled and came up to Florida
and was camped out in Tampa setting up his
regime there and a whole bunch of the other uh
refugees of that were Batista people you know
along with trafficante because they were Partners
in the heroin trade Batista the the the dictator
predecessor to was he was the dictator he was
partners with Santos traficanti in the heroin
operation and the third guy in the partnership
uh was uh uh uh Paul helwell Paul helwell was the
head of the sea Supply Corporation sea a southeast
Asia Supply Corporation he was full-time full-time
Central Intelligence Agency mhm full-time Central
Intelligence Agency so is this like pre- Iran
Contra or something pre Iran Contra all 1960 but
it was kind of like um a precursor in some ways
because were they doing the same thing using the
profits to fund back back absolutely yeah and so
that that uh so they said we can't do this without
trafficante you know being in charge of figuring
out what to do about this so they fly down you
know Sam ganana Johnny Ros II and uh and Bob Mayu
fly down to to Florida and they have three sets of
meetings at the fan blue hotel now we're getting
all of this directly from trafficante who turns
out to be the client of the firm where I was what
are these trafficante guys doing in the Watergate
Hotel why are they there you know so that's how I
found out so traffic count is telling us all this
so that these are the facts of what happened okay
so the bottom line is that he after the second
meeting says okay I'm supportive of this in
principle but you know uh I didn't fall off no
melon wagon he said so I wanted to make sure
that this wasn't his term a brain fart this wasn't
some kind of brain fart you know of Howard Hughes
or much less Mayu you know I needed to know this
was coming directly from Nixon if we were going
to do this and so the next meeting shows up a
guy at the third meeting uh that used The Gnome
Dear Mr Ed and it was Sheffield Edwards who's
the chief security of the Central Intelligence
Agency okay so he greenlights the the creation of
this assassination team that's designed to kill
Castro if fed Al Castro R Castro and CH Goa and
these other common Dantes right and so that that
that goes into motion they agree to do that and
trafficante uh figures out okay what am I who am
I going to put together on this team he's smart
so what he does is he picks 15 guys that are all
former gunman from him down in Havana who
had fled with him up to Florida who'd now
been recruited by the Central Intelligence Agency
to form this thing called operation 40 which is
this cover operation against Cuba Burning Bridges
you know lighting fires to their their sugar cane
Fields you know poisoning the the shipments of
sugar going out you doing everything to try to
to destroy the economy of of that country right
because they were in defiance of Nixon because
they' gone ahead and established diplomatic
relations with both China and Russia so he
wanted to you know to close down their economy to
show that you know a socialist economy couldn't s
couldn't function so so so the so the bottom line
is they they trafficante contacts guys that have
now been hired by the Central Intelligence Agency
covertly to participate in operation 40 in covert
operations against Cuba and he selects 15 of
these people which they call a code name the
S Force so what happens between the S Force and
castra well that they're trying to figure out how
to assassinate Castro they're trying to figure
out all these different ways of doing it uh in
but in the meantime what happens is Nixon doesn't
get elected you know uh and so that he doesn't get
elected and in comes Kennedy you know and brings
in his brother Bobby as the Attorney General right
uh and it turns out they don't know anything about
this assassination team because it's been set up
completely off the shelf like this by Nixon right
and so that everybody just steps back and lets
that team keep on going uh but the kennedies don't
know about it mhm and so that that whole operation
comes down you know they go through the whole
Bay of Pigs thing you know that falls through
uh and Kennedy goes down and apologizes literally
goes down to Miami in the Orange Bowl and gathers
together all these hardcore right-wing kubano
refugees and and apologizes to them for this
and Promises them that the free flag of Cuba will
fly over the island before the end of his second
term he says that to him right uh and he comes
back and he even though he told uh uh Cru Chef
that he was going to stop the covert operations
going on against Cuba he was going to shut down
operation 40 he wasn't going to do that anymore
uh you know Maya Copa sorry for doing that 40 with
an operation called mango they settled up over at
the Miami on the Miami campus University of Miami
campus in this big uh hanger that's there uh in
the that mango runs there uh and and uh and the
guys that were doing the covert operations against
uh Cuba still you know included all the guys on
the S Force who had that other hat on Kennedy's
aware of all this and even directing some of it
how does it end up turning on him no Kennedy
wasn't aware of it at all at all at all okay
at all until June 5th okay until June 5th of 1963
okay was when he found out that Walter Sullivan
told Bobby you know about out about it and then
Bobby tells John you know but they didn't know
about it until June 5th of 1963 so that that thing
is going on all that time okay and so that the the
the smoke is cleared on the Bay of Pigs problem
but what happens of course is you in 62 in October
of 62 is the Cuban Missile Crisis because Kennedy
had lied to kusf about shutting down operation 40
and and it just substituted operation mango Nikita
grusf is totally pissed off and so what he does is
but that's what I mean by Kennedy being aware
is he's aware of [__] but he's not aware of
the S4 no no no right right he knew about [__]
there's no doubt about that uh but he didn't know
about the S Force so he doesn't know about the
original intention to take out Castro he does
anything about that okay and so so the bottom line
is is that what uh what what happens is that kusf
is so pissed off over the fact that he's been
lied to Now by Kennedy you know that he starts
putting missiles into cubba mhm okay and then when
they find out about it in October this whole thing
comes down which everybody knows about and they
come to within you know a hair's breath of totally
destroying the entire world and you know Curtis
lame and his guys you know are are you know coming
up with operation Northwoods and all that stuff
of trying to figure out how to generate a war
you know with Russia uh in so the bottom bottom
line is Kennedy has to crush that whole operation
to say look we've got to we've got to stop this
this is totally nuts MH so what he does is opens
up a line of of completely covert Communications
with Nikita CRF uh and he is promising him look
okay look you're right I lied to you but look at
I'm telling you now it's it's I'm telling you the
truth you and I need to do something about this
we've come just within a minute of destroying the
entire planet you know we've got to do something
and what they decided among themselves in an
exchange of 18 different letters that went
back and forth completely secretly outside
of the channels of the state department outside
of channels of the of the CIA that he set up a
completely private operation Kennedy and cruff to
each other agreed that they were going to each use
their respective Authority as the executives
of those two countries to start disassembling
the nuclear warheads of their entire nuclear
arsenals because they were each personally so
totally traumatized by what had happened or almost
happened and so that they started get getting
ready to do that uh and what happened is is uh
Ellen Dulles found out about this who had been
the first civilian head of the CIA yeah and who
hated Kennedy they well that yeah sure he hated
Kennedy you know over Bay of Pigs hated him Bay
of Pigs hated because he got fired you know but
really more importantly and more sophisticatedly
was totally opposed to the disassembling of the
nuclear warheads of the nuclear Arsenal you know
because they believed that they needed to have
that against China not not against Russia it's
against China because they'd already been shown
you know at uh at uh the uh Reservoir in in Korea
and at inchan that the the Chinese could put a
million men uh in uniform into the field against
you you couldn't do anything about it you couldn't
win a traditional land war against China so they
had to have the nuclear missiles so they viewed
Kennedy as a traitor but he was getting set to
disassemble the the primary military capacity that
the United States had doing it covertly with the
Soviets I.E chrisf personally okay and they said
that's it that's curtains we can't wait we can't
wait for an election a year from now you know a
year and a half from now in November of 6 64 we've
got to get rid of him now mhm and so what they did
is they tasked the S Force that that uh that they
knew existed cuz Cu uh cuz Dallas knew that they
existed cuz Dallas was involved in it earlier on
so how does Dallas do that because dallis leaves
and joins Brown Brothers Herman yeah he goes
back to Brown Brothers Herman where he had in
effect never really left as a Central Intelligence
Agency was the brainchild of the people at Brown
Brothers Herman you know Robert LoveIt who was one
of the senior Partners there is the one who wrote
the original memo to Truman recommending that they
create a Central Intelligence Agency and that they
have a c operations capacity which they put in
section 5412 to authorize them to engage in covert
operations and what would Brown Brothers Herman
was just like a normal Law Firm at the surface or
what what Brown Brothers Herman wasn't a law Brown
Brothers Herman was a a collective Investment
Company I was an investment that's right and
they had the kind of the richest 25 patrones
from the robber barons that were all investors
common investors and they would come together
and and decide how they were going to direct their
Investments together what they did for example uh
after world after World War I this gets a little
complicated but after World War I uh in 198 they
had the versai treaty yeah uh negotiations yeah it
turns out that the Secretary of State under Wilson
yeah back in 1918 was a guy being Robert Lancing
uhhuh Robert Lancing was the son-in-law of uh of
John W Foster who was the former Secretary of
State back in 189 93 he's the grandfather of
John Foster dullas and Alan Dulles those are his
nephews and so what he does is when he supervises
setting up the Versa treaty he brings in his two
nephews as part of the team that they bring to
Versa those are the two guys that drafted the war
reparations Provisions inside the Treaty of Versa
this feels like too big of a triple Bank Shot or
something cuz you you also talk about like it's
like the Union Bank was like funding there was
any doubt about that yeah that's just fact so
so you think do you think that the Versailles was
sort of intentionally you know too harsh in a way
that like made you know like created an opice
for the extremism of Nazism sort of you know no
crushed wart it started out in a much more prosaic
motive because what they did is they said oh look
we're imposing the war reparations requirements
of Germany uh through the exercise of the power
of the state department y supervising the Veri
treaty and so they this major debt now that they
owe uh to all the corporations that they have
destroyed their property in the aggressive war
in World War I right and so what they did then is
the through the power of his office as Secretary
of State Robert Lancing appoints appoints uh
Allan DS MH who is legal counsel for Brown
Brothers Herman MH to be the lawyer for Germany
and he conducts a negotiation pursuant to which
those War reparations will be covered by Brown
Brothers Herman they're going to extend loans to
the German government to pay the war reparations
and they're going to take as security for those
loans stock in all their major military really
crazy in 1924 George Herbert Walker leaves brown
BRS Herman sets up the the Union Bank of New
York completely capitalized by the guys who
are part of Brown Brothers Herman all the 25
investors they capitalized the bank they set
up a foreign subsidiary up in the Netherlands
called the bank of shipping and commer is run
by Fritz th and they finance the construction of
the international headquarters of the Third Reich
so crazy and and they start funing money uh to
to Hitler to rise up to become the bwork against
bolshevism Y in Europe yeah and so that they
wanted Hitler to establish this kind of fascist
government the economic theory of which is you
place all the instrumentalities of the government
at the disposal of the interests of the private
corporations mhm and they will then help you know
help the major corporations the corporations will
prosper they'll hire more people it'll stimulate
your economy you know and people uh all the way up
into the top agreed with that that's a great idea
like Henry Ford and the guys at Brown Brothers
har they thought that's a good idea to do that
right Ford had ideological sympathies as well
that was what they were doing so so that's how
and then when Hitler started coming off the leash
Y and deciding that he was not only going to going
toize everything he's going to take it all and so
that ended up getting sort of out of control they
lost control of him but it's like this is like a
really interesting narrative that the CIA they're
set up by uh oligopolistic interests yes yeah
to to be but to be able to set up a an economic
system uh that was actually fascist uh that was
actually putting the instrumentalities of the
government at the disposal of the interests of
the corporations because then the corporations
could could deploy for example sending a military
expeditionary Force down to Nicaragua you know and
Ting the democratically elected government all on
behalf all on behalf of who yeah sort of Yankee
Yankee imperialism there's a book called the
three new deals and it was like Hitler musolini
and FDR and they were all sort of compared uh and
it was sort of it just shows how sympathetic the
US was to to Hitler you know uh just after
33 and before before 38 between 33 and was
because they they tried to assassinate him they
were planning to overthrow him I didn't know that
yeah 19 1934 Brown Brothers Herman the people
planned to overthrow the Franklin Roosevelt is
that true oh yeah absolutely true absolutely
they the plan there they they tried to recruit
the commandant of the United States Marine Corps
General Butler to lead a major Insurrection of
the of the World War II veterans you know against
Franklin Roosevelt's government oust him uh into
put put Butler the General Butler in charge uh and
that they were going to have a fascist government
the carnegies The Rockefellers you know these are
all the guilded age fam they're just the guilded
age got it okay so when you say Rober Barons you
mean the guilded age contr the they were very
very they were that's right absolutely they were
very effective doing what they were doing and that
They Carried what they were doing to The Logical
conclusions of say well look why why wouldn't we
exercise control over the government but but this
is this is what was going on and and the bottom
line is is that that after because Hitler came
off the leash yeah and started becoming totally
excessive about what he was doing in Europe
uh and then started going after all the Jewish
people you know and start doing all these kind of
excessive things still you need to remember it's
going to be kind of a shocking observation but
the United States never declared war on Germany
really never did they declared war on Japan Japan
after Pearl Har Japan after Pearl Harbor and then
Germany declared war on the United States because
they were in the axis because there was this huge
powerful group inside the United States that
didn't want to go to war with the the critique
of FDR at the time was like he was not paying
attention to any of the stuff going on with
the Holocaust and that he waited way too long and
that you know yeah I mean he didn't want to go to
he didn't want to he want war initially and
then once he realized that he that that well
because the whole Lobby didn't want to go to war
against Germany because they're the ones that had
created them but there there are some rumors
that he might have had pre- knowledge of Pearl
Harbor he didn't wasn't that s rumor do you think
that's true I know that's true they L they lured
the Japanese in because he was convinced that
they were eventually going to have to go to war
anyhow uh and so that what he wanted to do is he
wanted to Rally the American people behind it so
what he did is he ordered all of the destroy and
the all three of the major aircraft carriers into
Pearl all at one time and they were monitoring the
Japanese trafficking and and they realized that
they said oh what's your confidence level that
he had knowledge of that that's 100% okay it's
100% okay because we we know that they they had
the cable traffic they had the the communications
going on with all the Japanese uh military and
they knew that they were luring them in and once
they decided they were going to do it he sent
the personal order the night before the attack on
December December 7th he ordered all the aircraft
carriers to leave under the cover of night that's
the key once you see that they ordered them
all out of there and they let him bomb Pearl
Harbor and in sync a number of the Fairly outmoded
destroyers anyhow that they had the United States
of America was suddenly and deliberately attacked
by Naval and Air Forces of the Empire of Japan
once Japan did that then they declared he got a
declaration of board against Japan not against
Germany and then Germany declared war in the
United States okay so let's jump back to JFK
actually so this so so Brown Brothers Herman is a
very powerful uh Center of of organizing uh okay
and so that so that when when Kennedy was deciding
that that he was going to do this backdoor Channel
thing with Nikita Cru and and start issuing orders
to disassemble and destroy the AR the nuclear
warheads that when dullas find out about that
what he do goes to Brown BRS Herman and they give
the green light say that's it you know that this
guy's got to go and he knew about the S Force so
that they just they just targeted the S Force uh
was George HW Bush involved in the death of JFK no
he he was notified just before it was coming down
uh as Lyndon Johnson was they were notified that
this was happening uh because they had said look
at he's trying to he's trying to disassemble the
nuclear warheads of our whole arsenal they all got
together the Jagger Hoover and George HW Bush was
CIA and I think he went missing the rumor was for
12 days and there's a photograph we know where he
was he was he was he was in a meeting at the ranch
of Clint merchon is where not the one in Waka but
the one in Dallas so he was helping cordinate this
whole no no he was just being briefed okay he was
just being told notified that this was getting
ready to happen okay and so that's it but he he
he had pre- knowledge of JFK's yes that's he did
l Johnson did uh who did the lynon Johnson thing
makes because it was VI it was viewed as the
Patriotic thing to do because he was he was a
traitor in their eyes and he was actually planning
to physically disassemble the nuclear warheads and
Destroy them you know I mean what more what
what a greater Act of treason could you do
doing it in on behest of this is KF there's so
many angles to this and so that's why they did
that's why they felt completely self-righteous
about it they deploy the S Force you know the
guy that killed him is Robert is Roger Morales who
the the dead eyee shot for the for the uh for the
team you know off the null and and it turns out
so he he was one of the men on the grassy null
yeah that's right the key guy and what's his name
Morales Roger Morales his name and then uh cabel
is one of DS's right-hand men and and there's this
weird narrative with him where his brother is the
mayor of Dallas that's right cabal and cabal yeah
that's right was it cabal or cabal cabal cabel Cel
and um his brother the the mayor of Dallas
reroutes JFK's motorcade is that right yeah
they did he was involved in the decision to do it
yeah and there's a weird kind of uh UFO connection
there because uh cabel you know CIA off uh officer
Cabell uh had seen Blue Book and he said you know
this is a super shoddy operation this is written
written up in Edward J rupal's book yeah and so
and he he actually became part of Blue Book right
he he actually had Authority in Project Blue Book
to fix the place up and run it you know uh so that
that's all true you know it's one of those data
points that you you have to look at and say what
does that mean do does it mean what you think it
might mean how many things could it mean Etc but
the bottom the bottom line is is that that Oswald
the most unpopular part of this whole reality is
that everybody thinking Oswald just this innocent
guy that just happened to be in the neighborhood
that's not true at all do you think he was uh
brainwashed or coerced or you know no I I think I
think what he did is he realized that there was a
plan the foot to have him go up there and take a
shot at at Kennedy not to kill him but take the
shot at himh so what they could then do is say
oh look he's connected to Cuba that's why he's
did that fake Cubans free Cuba committee thing
and that they could blame that spend some time
in Russia and then they that's right and then
they could run and attack you know he thought
he was going to be the only one that was going
to be taking the the shot at him and then goes
try to run away and then they were going to event
though well he was he was or was he ideologically
down to be Mar no no he just believed that it was
going to work he was going to get arrested and
then they were going to come to his Aid okay you
know he was going to get legal defense and he do
all these other kind of things and but but as soon
as he saw tippet soon as he saw tippet coming for
him he killed TI he shot and killed tippet mhm and
tippet is the police officer that he killed yeah
right you know cuz tippet was assigned to go get
him right and because he had too much knowledge
you think they got Jack Ruby to kill him yes and
Jack Jack Ruby Jack Ruby I think was maybe an mkl
trip patient it wasn't required he was a mob guy
you know I mean the mob guys were all into the
assassination team and everything yes so it wasn't
it didn't require brainwashing him or anything
yeah but it was really odd because he never
recalled killing Lee Harvey Oswald and as soon
as he kills him he going you know cuz all he's a
Miami nightclub guy and all the cops around him
are you know arresting him and he's going what are
you doing I'm Jack Ruby and then in his jail cell
for six months or whatever he doesn't recall you
know ever having anything to do with the killing
and then he's seen by Jolly West who we know is
you know random kro was in correspondence with he
also he also tried to get to talk to Earl Warren
directly to tell him what what was really going
on you know he Jack Ruby Jack Ruby did well that's
why that's why you get Jolly West in there and Jo
Jolly West spends hours with him in his jail cell
no no records of this and he comes out and he says
Jack Ruby has had a psychotic break and Jack Ruby
goes nuts and he says you know I'm I'm hearing
Jews screaming on the other end of you know my
jail cell I think they're dying or whatever and so
to me that screams that at least at least there he
was brainwashed I don't know about prior well what
what I'm saying is that that the with aam's razor
applying aams Razer it doesn't require all of that
for him to be directed by the mob to to do the
inial take out Oswalt correct get him the hell out
of there correct in fact it would probably imply
he was lucid and had some knowledge if he were
brainwashed by Jolly West which I think he was so
maybe he was actually aware of what was going on
when he killed him yeah and then they saw him as
a liability and they had to take him out west So
So the plan the plan was is to Simply have have uh
have Oswald take the shot at Kennedy yeah uh flee
run away get away and have tippet uhhuh kill him
mhm and so they'd have the single The Lone Gunman
shot and killed and it' be over to be done with
right which is the classic Mo that's how you do it
right and but as soon as he saw tippet coming to
see him he shot him and killed him MH uh and then
continued to flee and realized that he was getting
screwed CU he didn't know there were any other
Shooters it is also when you read the transcript
of Jackie O coming off Air Force One and being
readed by Lyndon ban Johnson you know Johnson
and JFK sort of hated each other by that time
sure and uh I do see LBJ is sort of this ruthless
guy president Lyndon Johnson has left the hospital
in uh Dallas but we do not know uh to where he
has proceeded yeah he was that he was that and
like you you hear I don't know what you just read
the transcript of him speaking to Jackie O and she
kind of runs into his arms and he's seems freaked
out he's like they're going to get us they're
going to get us all yeah and it to me it seems
like liveaction role playing like a little bit
fake Jo Jack valante Jack valand told me all about
it okay Jack valante was with him okay so that's
right Jack valand was with him he locked himself
in the bathroom and Air Force One uh he locked he
locked himself in the bathroom and wouldn't come
out and Jack Valente had to go and get him to
take him out of there and he was going through
this whole thing they're going to kill us all
they're going to kill us all but he'd already been
notified the previous night out at glint meron's
house and there there at least three witnesses to
testify to that so RFK Jr thinks that his father
was not killed by Sirhan Sirhan he was shot
from the back by a guy named Eugene th Caesar
I've talked to Bobby about this at length who was
coordinating with Bob Mayu who's Hughes his lawyer
yeah and so that's a that's a crazy Revelation
and I think Eugene th Caesar goes on to become a
a bodyguard at Skunk Works well he he got employed
with Mayu right and Mayu Mayu was working with
Suma Corporation my understanding is that he was
working with mayi around the time mayi was clearly
coordinating with him around the assassination
and then Eugene th Caesar went on to work at
Skunk Works but I could be wrong okay but yeah but
but but I but I think it was I think it was Suma
corporation which is which is Hugh's operation
Operation su su Corporation so yeah what what
do you make of that I mean that's insane that's a
pretty I try not to be insane uh no but it's just
it's just like a bombshell like important you
know thing that people need to know well it's
uh it's interesting you know I've talked to Bobby
about it and Bobby was going to go be meeting with
the fellow to try to get him to do it and the
guy insisted upon being paid you know $10,000
he wouldn't sit down and talk to Bobby at all
and Bobby just blew him off who was the guy yeah
Eugene Caesar yeah exactly wow you know that I was
a little surprised it seemed like it was worth 10
grand to yeah that seems worth 10 you although
I could see not wanting to be out extorted out
of pride your father's assassin that's that's what
he did he said no I'm not I'm not going to go away
yeah yeah but that it's it's a pretty crazy story
and I think the other you know possibilities that
Sirhan Sirhan himself was an MK Ultra patient
because he had spent some time with William
Jennings Bryan not to be confused with the 19th
century William Jennings Brian but the Y guy who
was probably involved in MK Ultra and I think he
was working at the Santana race we we we did the
only case against MK alra that won you know we
we actually we what case was that that there was
there was a a woman who was the daughter uhu of
a fell out on Long Island that was a tennis pro
uhhuh uh and uh he he like some Tennis Pros was
having affairs with some of the women the wives
that were getting trained to be tennis players uh
and his wife divorced him and he became totally
depressed uh about being abandoned like that and
he started meeting with a friend of his who was
a psychologist and the psychologist said you
know uh you actually need to have a little bit
more than just talking to a psychologist you need
to get kind of more counseling so so a friend of
mine uh works at uh remember which big hospital
was big Hospital in New York City M uh something
like SLO kering or one of those big yeah he said
in the uh my friend works there and so you could
go there uh and take a whole week be there in
Residence and you can have a meeting with him
in the morning and meeting in the afternoon for
each day for a week you know so he agrees to go do
that well it turns out they were doing MK Ultra
uh experiments there at the place and so that
after about two days of of General uh counseling
with the psychiatrist there they dose him with a
huge mass of LSD without telling him uh and course
he's totally freaked out I mean it's hard enough
when you know what's happening right but he he
was just freaked out and they told him falsely
that he'd had a psychotic break mhm uh and that he
would have to stay there for a little bit longer
and they would have to help figure out what's
going on here and then like four days later they
give him a second massive dose and he dies of a
heart attack Jesus Christ okay uh and so they're
freaking out at the place and so what they do is
they they have to bring in lawyers from the Army
and from the intelligence Community to come in to
cover for them uh and it turns out that what was
this guy's name uh uh I'm I don't remember his
name I had other lawyers do this for us right
uh in in the bottom I've got it in the files but
the the B the bottom line is is that the lawyer
that came in for the US Army yeah to cover it up
their involvement in this was Jacob javitz uhhuh
who went on to become the United States senator
from New York uhhuh uh and the other lawyer that
was representing the intelligence Community
was uh was uh Warren burer uhhuh who went
on to become the Chief Justice the United States
Supreme Court these two guys came in and covered
up that entire event that took place and when
we discovered that in the discovery uh the the
judge said that's it we're not going any farther
on this case really this is going to settle you
have her tell how much money she wants really and
you will give it to her because Warren Burger had
already become yeah head of the US Supreme Court
no way yeah that's true that's wild that is true
what do you think the purpose because I have
some weird conspiracies about like what they
tried to do with MK Ultra I don't know if you have
any theories they they thought they thought that
you know if you dose somebody with with LSD it
will dissolve away yeah the boundaries yeah uh of
their concept structures you know and that if one
of their concept structures is that they have to
remain loyal and keep secret certain information
that they've got that you'll dissolve those away
and that under interrogation you can get them to
come clean and talk to you so it started out as a
as a device LSD to have a device of interrogation
truth here but there there was I think more to it
as well where they would construct killers and I
think you know like if you look at Jolly West yeah
you know he had his Center for violence reduction
yes and the way I think it almost worked is like
so I think like Charles Manson was an MK Ultra
Pati I have a buddy in La named Tom O'Neal I know
that documents it pretty well and so you have to
ask like why why would you make Charles Manson do
what he did possibly and it was like maybe it was
like to make an example out of him marginalize the
uh you know the hippie movement and you know
you have the famous Donna tart line you know
August 8th 1968 or whatever is the or maybe 69
is the you know the day that the 60s ended and it
was like you know everybody really they see this
long-haired guy and and he seems like a hippie but
like actually super violent just well so you make
it you make an example out of something that you
want to marginalize and so it's sort of um Mass
pacification through local violence creation or
something it's conceivable but on the other like
conceivable isn't the standard there's lots of
things that are conceivable you know and there
are a lot of them and and there say people fixate
on something that is conceivable that happens to
correspond to their worldview is there an MK Ultra
UFOs Stu there's all kinds of issues that are
involved in Consciousness mhm uh in the states
of Consciousness the elevation of consciousness
all of that stuff which relates tangentially at
least to the LSD you know uh that is involved in
the UFO stuff the entire remote viewing process
the entire psychic process the ENT all that all
that stuff with how put off in in and with uh uh
Russell tar and all those folks that whole element
of Consciousness is a very big deal the UFO thing
is so confus using because okay you have different
threads you have this like Consciousness thread
where it's like I don't know if it's cabala or
like certain people can summon this stuff but
like you you sort of intend on the thing happening
you know Greer has C5 or whatever the stuff sort
of enters your orbit and like that feels different
to me than like nuts and bolts craft oh it is okay
it is but but it's all it's all part of a
a specific phenomenon you know as long as
you confine it to looking at the UFO stuff and you
know the fact that the UFOs appear to be navigated
telepathically for example uh and that the that
the craft have built into it some kind of an AI
capacity to respond telepathically to the control
of the of the pilot now that's pretty far out you
know when you get into that stuff uh and uh so
the whole question of of how telepathy works you
know what what are the what are the physiological
aspects of of telepathy like and remote viewing
you know I mean you know there stuff that Pat
price could do you know I mean you know how
the hell do you explain that yeah you know and
and when you start focusing on that trying to
get an understanding what that is uh you realize
that there's do you think you can turn that into
math or repeatable science or do you think it's
this inherently kind of ephemeral thing no no no
I I believe that it's it's reductional you know to
some some subtle dimensions of physics there's not
any doubt about it it's going on yeah and there's
something to it or it would uh point to the human
as the carrier of all knowledge and there's
something actually like the uh senses the the
sensory world is actually a reduction on a default
state of Greater omniscience and if you read Plato
with more of a belief that maybe he believed in
the ontological truth of what he was talking about
and you read like The Myth of air or you know
some other things he sort of hinted at maybe you
know there's much deeper knowledge that's kind
of latent and innate inside a human being all
true that is all true okay that is all true yeah
I'm sure I'm sure that's true yeah and what I'm
in the process of doing is and they know that
I'm doing I mean you know Lou didn't just hire
anybody yeah you know didn't retain just anybody
to be his lawyer I mean he knew perfectly well
that for 20 years I was legal counselor for the
disclosure project he knew I represented Dr John
Mack he knew that I was at the peer group that's
interesting though that you represented both gerer
and Alando cuz they hate each other right it's
unfortunate why do they hate each other so much
cuz I it's unfortunate I Greer obviously you know
both of them have uh their fair share of critics
but um Greer to me like he's more right than
like you know like I there's something about the
presentation of the guy that I kind of detest or
something like it's just sort of really ridiculous
megalomaniacal and and yet like I I think a lot
of the stuff he says he was early on so much and
you know why does anybody hate anybody if they
really know I mean the more you know the more you
forgive you know for why people do what they do
you know that I don't I don't think people hating
each other is is very constructive but I know
know that it's not a good idea for uh for them to
hate each other yeah uh that there's a there's a a
constructive uh relationship that could be formed
do you think Nixon was pretty interested in UFOs
because there's a famous Jackie G gon thing yeah
I know about that that you know he was he was
I guess I guess you could call it had more or
less kind of a purian interest in it it was It was
kind of this kind of itch that he had to kind of
know but he was he was so involved in so many kind
of low Consciousness things that were going on I
think this was kind of above his not his pay grade
but his kind of level of Consciousness that it was
it was just something he couldn't probably figure
out how to use it yeah you know politically he was
very smart and very crafty and and just didn't fit
into anything as far as he could tell I think five
men apparently caught in the act of burglarizing
and bugging Democratic headquarters in Washington
the Watergate thing just seems like so crazy and
it seems like you know this like all these deeper
layers than other people as to you know how how it
went down I do and so what's your version of the
story high level and then we can get into some of
the you know deeper names and narratives and that
sort high level is is that uh the key to it is
that that there were four trafficante guys mhm
there was uh eh Howard hunt mhm who was the leaon
to the uh to the Everglades operation in operation
Mongoose he also said he was involved in the JFK
assassination and he said that uh JFK was killed
over UFOs well he his son says he said that he
said it okay he didn't say and then and then uh
and then Frank Sturgis MH was on the team that
did the burglary MH he was the leaz on out on
uh on Swan Island okay for that group so the same
s force guys they're s force guys right so those
are both s force guys and the Cubans were s force
guys MH and then they had mcord who was there who
was the CIA wiretapping specialist okay and so
when I was brought on to D Dallas once called
mcord the best guy I ever had or something well in
what Nixon said literally in this gun thing if you
peel off that scab there's an awful lot of stuff
that could come out that we don't want out uhhuh
and he was referring to hunt uhhuh okay and that
whole Smoking Gun when you look at the Smoking Gun
conversation on the 21st of June that with halman
uh in Nixon on the tapes that uh that halderman
comes into the office and says uh Mr President
I think we've got a problem here he said what is
it Bob he said uh uh Pat gray who's the New FBI
director that had just been installed cuz Hoover
had died uhhuh he say Pat gray uh has called and
they got a problem uh that uh the FBI people are
insisting upon going down and investigating the
bank down in Mexico City MH where those bills
came from that were in Bernard Barker's pocket uh
and he wants to know if that's going to cause any
trouble the White House Nixon says uh Bob uh what
I want you to do is I want you to go and get John
erican I want you to have go over to the agency
uh and I want you to see Vernon Walters uh in dick
Helms and you tell him right now to contact the
to contact the FBI and tell him to get the hell
out of that part of the investigation and halman
says well you know what am I going to tell him to
say and he said uh you just tell them uh if they
dig into that part of this investigation all the
Mexico stuff about the Cuban guys are all going
to come out that's Waka that's the Cuban guys that
are being trained in the assassination wow because
that bank account where those monies came out of
where those bills were in Bernard Barker's pocket
was in the bank account of this lawyer by the name
of agario which is where they put the money from
the skim off the casinos mhm through Marcelo in or
New Orleans and into the Miami National Bank of
uh of uh uh my Lansky so and they would wire it
into the bank account down in Mexico City to pay
the cost of that triangular fire team base that's
where the money came from that was in the pocket
of Bernard Barker so the question is if anybody
punched into that where does it lead to you know
it leads to the Kennedy assassination MH right
there in was terrified like don't peel off that
he was terrified because the guy whose office they
were in in the DNC mhm uh that uh that uh uh Larry
O'Brien MH before becoming the new head of the DNC
to run the campaign against Nixon in 72 had been
the the major lobbyist in Washington DC for Howard
Hughes wow interesting and Nixon knew it Nixon
went oh [__] he said if if Larry O'Brien was
told about what we did back in 1960 creating that
assassination team yeah that's going to lead back
to the fact that they're the they're the ones
that killed the president cuz he knew they the
ones that killed the president and there wasn't
any way that he was going to be able to convince
anybody that he wasn't behind it cuz he's the
one that organized the assassination team that
ended up killing the president and so he freaked
out and he said you got to so you've got to get
that shut down you got to find out whether he's
going to say anything about it really interesting
so you go into his office I want you to bug his
phones and I want you to he didn't say it there
so his paranoia really did him in he was trying
to overcorrect the fact that they trying to shut
that thing down that's fascin okay and so that's
why they went in and that's why you had to have
guys from the shooter team that were in there
because they had to know what they're looking
for okay and nobody else could know what they
were looking for so you couldn't bring anybody
else to do it and you say what the hell are these
traffic howy guys doing in there you know and so
that was the question I asked I was assigned to
go back to Washington to monitor the hearings the
Watergate hearings that were going on right and
so uh they were going to have one of the hearing
things and it was televised so I was sitting in
the goldkey motel MH with my investigator the
William Jonstone Taylor who was the Protegé I men
to you to bat Andy tuni who headed up the the uh
Mor Arian Associates investigative firm he's my
guy right three tour Vietnam C Marine Corps guy
right and he's sitting there and and they they
bring on uh they bring on to testify uh uh uh
uh Jerry alch MH who was listed as the official
attorney for James McCord and he comes on uh in
Dan inaway uh and Hawai from Hawaii uh and uh
what's his that from North Carolina Sam Irvin
uh are interviewing him right and uh and uh Dan
inway says uh Mr R she said you're partners with
you represent James mcord is that correct he said
yes he said you're the law partner of Lee Bailey
aren't you and he said uh yes yes I am he said
now uh isn't Mr Bailey under indictment down in
Florida on a charge of you know male and he said
yes but that's going to be dismissed right away
cuz I'd already filed the Motions to dismiss it
which we won all right so he said well that's
just going to be dismissed right away so they said
yes but anyway he says well couldn't one get the
sense that uh Mr Bailey uh might be attempting
to keep uh keep uh McCoy uh John James mcco from
testifying in order to do a favor for somebody
very high up in the administration in exchange
for getting good treatment on his criminal case
and uh and Jerry said yeah but but that isn't
true you know and what happened is just as that
testimony was come in Lee Bailey walks into the
to the the hotel room where where we are he comes
walking in and he's he's standing there listening
to this testimony and he hears the testimony uh
and he turns around and walks out into the hall
and we heard him slugging quarters into a payone
which was totally weird because he used to carry
this briefcase around that had a telephone in it
uh and he would he would kind of move away from
all of us and he go over to a place where nobody
could be around and he would open up the suit gas
he'd pull out the antenna and he would have this
telephone that he could talk to somebody that he
was talking to a bunch of times and we couldn't
figure out what this was and even bad Andy didn't
know who that was right so so Billy so so he he
just says that he goes out in the hall and we
hear him hear him putting the coins in the phone
and I turn to Bill Taylor I say what the hell is
this all about and he said I don't know and I said
find out okay and so he goes and talks to Bad Andy
and then Bad Andy uh didn't want to tell him said
no no he says you boys are you guys are are good
boys you don't want to get involved in any of this
kind of stuff he says and you don't say that to a
private investigator you don't really want to know
so he said so say yes I do I I I want to know I he
kept leaning on Bad Andy and bat Andy is the one
that brought him into the private investigation
firm because he's an old Marine Corps guy right
so so so Billy keeps after him finally he says
look here's the story uh it turns out that Lee
is on index 4 for the agency he's one of the
four attorneys MH that are on retainer for the
Central Intelligence Agency so that if any CIA
operative is caught State Side engaged in a covert
operation which is totally forbidden mhm by the
National Security Act in 1947 MH uh that he's one
of the lawyers that will be retained that's why
James mcord has reached out to him this was after
Watergate this is during the Watergate hearings
yeah this is after water mcord was let off for
for right like within four months was given one to
five years mord is the guy that wrote the letter
to judge CA blowing the whistle on Nixon exactly
and the plumbers guy that did that right out of
our office yeah so that I'm I'm I'm sitting there
so why wasn't Nixon set up in this in this model
of what happened because McCord is this sort of
deep CIA guy who's you know very close with Dallas
because we know that Nixon is the one that ordered
the Breakin he wasn't being set up he's the one
that ordered the Breakin in order to see whether
Larry they sold him out afterwards well so you
have to separate up being so it wasn't done to
set him up up mhm okay but so so so what happened
is mcord MHM mcord out of our office is the one
that gets pissed off over the fact that he thinks
they're all getting sold down the stream here MH
uh and he saying what's the story he says look I
was told that this was a because he wasn't briefed
in got it got it he didn't know got it he was
just putting the wiretap equipment and stuff in
and he was told the reason they were doing this is
because they thought that the that the DNC mhm was
helping to coordinate anti-vietnam demonstrations
got it and that they were therefore engaged in
National Security he thought he got sold out and
he thinks he got sold out so he got pissed off
about this and so he writes the letter to ca
right that's what happened I mean and we know
exactly what happened so when when when I find out
when when Taylor gets all this information from
Bad Andy they lay it out to us in detail you know
he went down to Hank uh uh Hank uh G ales is Han
Gonzalez is officially technically the the lawyer
for trafficante he was just a cover for Bailey
right then who ends up helping out Woodward and
Bernstein so deep that was Mark that was Mark felt
so I still don't understand Mark Mark felt was
getting he's the guy that was insisting upon going
down the next morning to Mexico to investigate
the bank account wow that was Mark felt he was
going down to follow the money where did that
money come from they tracked it back to that bank
but if he's the deputy director of the FBI
right Mark felt yeah and then he's acting as
this sort of anonymous T tip off guy for you
know Woodward and Bernstein at the Washington
Post doesn't that again Point towards this sort
of coordinated effort against Nixon Nixon where
he's sort of trying to trying to like expose
this to the citizen press what was happening
Mark Mark felt was still pissed off MH that he'd
been passed over for uh for the the the head of
the FBI right so he was that so pure pure it was
pure renge SP because he was pissed off that they
were trying to cut him off he was trying to
go down and do that investigation legitimate
investigation of what the hell happened here
and he and gray was telling him not to go okay
because gray had called the White House and said
look at uh you know i' I've got FBI people that
are W to go down and do the do the investigation
of this bank that's when that's when Nixon said
tell go go get the agency to shut him off so tell
them they can't do this so felt's motivation was
basically you know he was pissed personally
yeah and he wanted to do the investigation
that would have led him to the original s force
setup Stu so he so he would find well he didn't
know what it was going to lead to yeah yeah yeah
but it would have and then and then James McCord
was pissed that he was getting sold out that's
right sold the river it was given you know not
the right information as to why he was DNC that's
exactly right very interesting and so and so that
when we get this information from trafficante mhm
Bill Taylor and I say holy [__] you know look
what we're in the middle of here yeah uh that
we now know that in fact the assassination team
that was created back in 1960 by Richard Nixon
are the ones that killed the president isn't
it wild that a mob boss drug dealer knows more
about the true history of uh American politics
than the average American citizen oh no that's not
surprising Ian it's not surprising almost anybody
knows more than the average citizen of the
United States it'd be surprising to somebody
off the street do you think there was or could
have been a uh CIA conspiracy to remove you from
office I don't know uh I know many people
think so uh I would say that I've had it
found it difficult to understand why the CIA
which apparently had Advanced knowledge of the
uh didn't inform me uh I found it difficult to
understand how it could have been uh that at
least two of those involved uh had CIA connections
uh and nevertheless that uh it was not brought to
my attention as far the break break in occurring
here's another weird connection that um you might
be familiar with so you know we talked about
G Gordon ly and we talked about Bob Mayhew
their photos with both of those guys and John
le and John le is very involved in the Bob Lazar
stuff and so when I talk to like Jeremy Corbell
and George knap I don't understand why they're
so dogmatically like Pro Lazar being at least
accepted at face value because I'm like look
you're I'm not discounting your reporting like
I think the reporting was good but the idea that
this wasn't pushed out by the CIA I think is just
it's like you're not able to think properly about
this because you had this guy in John leer who's
son of Bill leer whether he was a useful idiot or
an agent provocator I don't know probably useful
idiot I don't know but he had been spending a
decade outside of Area 51 and you spend a decade
outside of Area 51 the security guards know you
there like this is all documented why the hell
would they not do a basic background check on
Bazar know that he's best friends with the guy
camping out and you know sketching out sketching
all these kind of exotic aircraft around Area 51
that would be number one number two why would you
continue to uh have him fly cargo jets for you you
know and be be a be a pilot for you for various
missions into the 80s which you know he says he
disaffiliated in 83 but he really disaffiliated
much later MH let me tell you a story to to make
you even more confounded please right uh I'm at
Jesuit headquarters here in Washington DC right
and uh I get a call I get a call on the phone uh
and it is uh uh what's his name guy that owned
Rebel magazine and uh uh Larry Flint uhuh right
so I get a call from Larry Flint uhuh you you
know who the this guy is Larry Flint's a guy
that owned uh like like 30 m different magazines
you know Rebel magazine and jent and these skin
magazines and all this kind of stuff okay he he
had gotten sued for liel because uh in one of
the magazines that he published uh someone wrote
a story uh uh using a woman who won the Miss you
know Oklahoma or something uh beauty contest and
so she filed a lawsuit against him uh in one and
the case had gone all the way to the United States
Supreme Court and his lawyers were challenging it
as a violation of First Amendment right he's
coming into Washington DC to go to the court
the Supreme Court argument he calls me on the
phone he says dan he says Larry Flint here I went
ah okay yeah okay Miss Flint what he said well
I'm I'm coming in town for the Supreme Court I
me I'd like to have a meeting with you if I could
uh could you come and see me tomorrow uh I'm going
to be staying at the Park Hotel uh uh so I say
okay what's it about he said you I'll I can't
talk with you on the phone about it so so the next
day I get Father William J Davis who is my Jesuit
Superior at the headquarters right and we jump
in the blue flame his little car is look we drive
over to the hotel right and here are like four of
these Big Stretch lmos all parked in front of this
hotel which is the the Larry Flint Entourage that
are all there right so we we go into the lobby
uh and uh we say you know my name's attorney Dan
she and Father Bill Davis were here to see Larry
oh yes he said you know and they bring us over
to this elevator uh and they they bring us up
to the top floor of the penthouse right we get
out the elevator and here's Larry Flint and his
goldplated wheelchair right so because he got
shot uh somebody tried to assassinate so he's
in this gold plated wheelchair and he brings
us into the side room he said look uh I want
to retain you at this chis The christic Institute
that you guys have uh we'd like to retain you to
uh investigate uh the death of uh of uh Savage
uh what was her first name uh she she was the
original host Hostess of Frontline okay when first
started y uh on on PBS right uh Jessica Savage her
name was and she and her husband had driven off
a a bridge uh in the middle of some storm and he
gotten drowned and killed uhuh and uh he said I
think that that was a murder uhhuh uh and I want
to retain you guys to do the investigation you
guys did the Caren silkwood investigation you've
done all these kind of things so I said no well we
don't you know we're a 501c3 public interest group
you know we don't get hired to do investigations
uh I said you could make a contribution to us if
you wanted to yeah it's all tax deductible and I
said and uh we could then look into this if if we
figure out that there's some sort of major public
interest thing here that this was a murder and
she's a major reporter and there's something
important uh you know we could then you know
make that public uh and he said well would you
do this would you just let me know first so I
could publish it in my magazine In Rebel magazine
uh and uh and uh I'll give you guys the million
dollar contribution and uh I said I I think we
could do that said but but there's one thing he
said uh I've got an investigator that I'd like
to have work with you on this I said no no no no
that's not how we do it you know we've got our
own investigators because I I had not only the
the guys Bill Taylor and the guys that were in Mor
arti so who still kept doing stuff for us for free
but I also had all the Jesuit guys 42 countries
all around the world that are giving information
to our headquarters right so I said no no I said
we'll we'll do this to ourselves you know just
let me let me introduce you to them right and he
he dials the phone and the door opens up and in
walks G Gordon ly walks walks into the room and I
looked at him uh and he comes over and he sticks
his hand out like that and I said excuse me I said
you know uh that I told you I told you we're not
going to be dealing with anybody that you un and
especially him and lydy turned to Flint he said
see I told you I told you he wouldn't do it so
we we say no we're not going to do this and uh
we don't know whether he was going to give us the
million dollars or not so I go downstairs uh and
I down the elevator and I'm starting to walk out
of the hotel all of a sudden somebody H and says
Mr Sheen Mr Sheen and I said yes yeah what is it
and I go over and it was Gordon Noel who is that
ah good you don't know no Gordon Noel is the guy
that was arrested and prosecuted by James Garrison
in New Orleans for burning down 555 Camp Street
the office where where uh where uh Lee Oswald
well had the office along with uh uh what was his
name uh the guy that was the hardcore right-wing
guy that was the head of the Latin American uh
uh anti-communist League uh one of the the guy
that was the former FBI guy that was down in New
Orleans the heck was that guy's name but anyway
he had an office in the same in the exact same
building MH on the exact same floor whoa with him
and and Gordon Noel was prosecuted and convicted
for burning down that building MH in the midst of
uh in the midst of the investigation that's crazy
okay and so it gets crazier okay so he says uh I I
want you to represent me I want to get that that
criminal conviction of me uh expunged and I said
well you've already been convicted of it you know
and that was years ago you know and you've already
served the time and everything for it uh he say
you don't do that he said no no I just want to I
want you to you know get that expunged for me and
so I said uh I like I don't I don't know anything
about it but you know here's my card you can
call me if you're so I go back to the office and
a few days later he calls and he says how's that
investigation going and I said no I said I haven't
agreed to the investigation he said what you son
of a [__] he said you know I I I confided in
you you and he he he started he threatened to kill
me Gordon Noel right MH well Gordon Noel ends up
later being hired by John Alexander whoa to be one
of the investigators for nids wow to go around you
know trying to make people who are contactees come
and give them the information and he's a spotter
for people who are getting abducted through my lab
crazy abductions right and that's him okay and so
Gordon Noel years later and you're implying that
he was kind of part of the cover up of the JFK
assassination I'm just telling you what the facts
are well the facts are weird that the facts are
weird burned down 555 cam stre which was being
used as what by Lee Harvey Oswell that was an
office for the the uh uh uh free free Cuba group
okay the the the alleged Cuba group uh in this guy
Ben or Bert whatever his name was had his office
right next door to him so Gordon noville pops back
up as this UFO he pops well later because this
I'm out 1994 I'm out you know representing Dr
John Mack and I was asked to do a presentation at
the international UFO Congress uhuh so I'm doing
a report on the international UFO Congress and all
of a sudden Gordon Noel walks up out of the crowd
uhuh and says Oh Mr Shen he said look you know
I've got I've got all these uh drawings and stuff
about the UFOs and how they're propulsion system
works and all that kind of stuff you know and he
starts showing them to me and he said you know
I've been working on these things and had a lot
of time when I was in in prison to do this and
I'd like to have you represent me to you know
get get my stuff patented here he says that's
Gordon Noel and I'm saying excuse me I said I
don't I don't think you quite remember you know
you're threatening to kill me yeah you know number
of years ago wow he says I I didn't really mean
that you know and I said and that was the last
I had anything to do with him okay so what does
all that mean you know what is exactly does all
that mean you know that what what I just sort of
put it on the wall yeah it's one of the cards on
the wall yeah you know to see you know where
and you have the threads you know the nylon
threads that you put between the Cards and
figure out what's going on here but uh but
there's lots of weird stuff lots of weird stuff
lots of weird pieces and those are all little
data points because I know those things to be
absolutely true but you know the reality is is
that uh during the Ken silwood case that we did
you know that uh Karen silkwood is this young
29-year-old uh uh health and safety person at a
nuclear uh reprocessing plant it wasn't a nuclear
power plant it was the sole place where they
were trying to bring the spent fuels from the
103 nuclear power plants uh and then grind it all
up into powder and then put put it in centrifuges
and centrifuge out the plutonium then recover the
plutonium and then bring it to the fast flux test
facility at Hamford you know it was an attempt to
to figure out what to do with the waste materials
the bottom line is that she discovered that they
were missing 40 lbs of uh 98% bomb grade plutonium
from this facility and she just concluded that it
must meant that they were really sloppy that they
must have been be loose around the planet around
the plant somewhere you know and she didn't so she
called the uh the union people that were trying to
organize the Union at the plant and told them that
oh look how sloppy they are they're missing 40
pounds of 98% P plutonium was going to Israel to
for nuclear weapons uh in violation of the nuclear
arm proliferation treaty really yeah and not only
that but they had to then share it with Iran a
condition under the shaw uh and then the two of
them had way yeah it was all true you know and uh
who facilitating this on the American side Central
Intelligence Agency Theodor shackley who was the
temporary guy on the Israeli desk you know but but
he had been the former Saigon station chief that
ran the assassination program in Southeast Asia
too but but so that what I'm saying is that she
didn't know what was happening but that when when
she got killed on the way to meet with the new New
York Times Reporter to bring him the documents of
David Burnham who was figuring there's some rat
in the wood pile here somewhere this isn't just
missing in the plant uh and then she got killed
run off the road they rammed her car and ran her
off the road and killed her and took the documents
out of the car and this is a real story this is
a really true thing that happened and I was in
charge of the investigation to investigate what
happened uh and uh what what uh people came
up with all kinds of Nefarious theories as to
what could have happened here and who could have
done this and all that and I had to keep drilling
through all of these different theories of
what's going on here to figure out exactly
what did happen uh and what what I discovered is
that the you know people what they've assumed they
assumed at least half a dozen different theories
of what was going on and what I discovered is that
a little bit of two or three of the different
theories were true but no one of them was true
but the there were pieces of what each of them
had that that they're the ones that really came
together to explain what actually had happened
uh in in what I've discovered that over and over
and over again what's your process I feel like you
have to hear something and then catalog everything
is like possible possible but low probability
and then you wait for corroboration well it it
comes from I I was trying I think people a priori
discount things they hear too much because they're
too epistemically closed so they're like it's
like beijan reasoning where it's it's all based
onii PRI prior evidence but if you have this like
a bias every time you hear somebody say hey I saw
a weird thing in the sky your beijan reasoning
is going to be totally off because you're just
putting this in the junk pile when it shouldn't be
it should just be like you're open to everything
the the person that I had trained me in this is is
Lawrence tribe uh Larry tribe who is now renowned
as the leading American constitutional lawyer
you know uh but he was a Suma kumla mathematics
graduate from Harvard College uh and then went and
got his PhD Suma kumla from Harvard in mathematics
uh in at the age of 25 was the head of the United
States Bureau of Statistics at the age of 25 this
guy uh and he got bored with that after a few
years and decided he was going to law school went
to Harvard Law School became the captain of the
The Varsity debating team for Harvard University
and still end up number two in his class at
Harvard Law School you know I mean this guy's
totally brilliant guy uh and he he started
out teaching evidence at Harvard and started
explaining to us how you go about setting out
your your options uh in Bay's theorem uh in the
whole thing and he started he started explaining
that's right from the very beginning yeah when
when I when I learned that and then ended up at at
fle Bailey's office where I had access to 40 class
a licensed private investigators yeah I could
put that kind of investigative skills together
with working through these different theorems of
what's how things are going and so that's how I've
ended up being I guess it might account for how I
end up in these peculiar places yeah because I've
I've been able to not get drug off onto some one
theory of something I try to do the same thing and
I think being outside of Academia helps us yes
because Academia you become criticized and you
have to kind of tiptoe around anything too bold
or too because they're not they're not designed
to really forward the human knowledge in any kind
of significant way it's all nibbling at the edges
I was just with Eric Weinstein and a bunch
of other you know pretty renowned scientists
and you know I've worked with Eric for a while
and Eric is using beijan basic beijan reasoning
and you know he's obviously has his own sort
of Theory of Everything in math and physics
Y is has come to the conclusion that he thinks
maybe there's a good chance that the US has a
secret physics program behind you know the kind of
exoteric layer of physics which is that's a wild
Revelation that he said names people John John
Wheeler Bryce dwit uh Freeman Dyson people like
that who were you know renowned in the 50s and 60s
and he thinks that maybe there was something going
on in the background with them and maybe they
were actually inter facing more with Aerospace
than meets the eye even Fineman yep um and so
yeah it's very interesting the conclusions you
come to once you become open-minded yeah uh and
I think for a lot of people it took the New York
Times and the Pentagon saying this stuff is real
for them to kind of open the possibility space
on everything else CU it this if it is real
it has to shatter everything else you have
to be physics you know religion everything it
has to affect you and the one argument I'd say
against not trying to piece it all together I
think I do think having one Theory of Everything
um allows you to you know you want you want if you
have a bunch of high strangeness events a bunch of
anomalies it's like you have big foot here and
you have orbs over there and cattle mutilation
and all these things it's really hard for the
average person to not just say that's a basket
of crazy it's like an it's an amalgamation of
crazy that doesn't fit neatly to you know science
is supposed to be repeatable and predictable
yeah and so I do think the theorizing does help
get get this stuff across the line yeah and the
in the that my usually that I I'm involved in a
litigation you know that requires you know you're
going to have to put the stuff in front of a jury
and you're going to have to have follow the rules
of evidence and you're going to have to have the
judge sitting there on your face you know trying
to keep you from putting things in that he or she
just doesn't want in in you know because they
think that that uh they have their own judgment
that that might not be realistic or true and so
they don't want you putting it in front of the
jury because they think they're in charge of the
courtroom you know there's all kinds of things
you have to do but but it lends a certain kind
of focus to what you're doing uh and you you you
you don't just aimlessly speculate about things
given that sometimes I think the metaphysical
conversations are frustratingly unfalsifiable
they're not they're they're sort of not even wrong
as fan would say and so there's almost a part of
me it's like we should look back at this history
in the 50s and 60s in the US where there's some
interesting people claiming Robert J Oppenheimer
set up UFO secrecy like Rush has said that on
record in an interview with me let's talk to his
grandchildren let's talk to you know anybody who
was alive at that time and try to corroborate that
there's something about uh renowned scientists
we just spent $130 million on a Christopher Nolan
movie about this guy he's like a you know the
emblematic kind of American scientist midcentury
yeah if he had anything to do with the UFO story
any Smoking Gun evidence around that would be this
massive update I think for the average person
who's just seen that movie and is interested in
this character yeah and so I do think sometimes
the conversations are sort of frustratingly
woo woo and we could we could just move it into
this territory of like okay but what what about
Oppenheimer you know what about these people
yeah well the this this is all an phological
question you what what is the methodology that
a given person utilizes to try to determine for
themselves what's true uh and what's not you know
and and the reality of it is is that 99% of the
people don't have the time or the the disposition
to be trying to find out things for themselves
yeah and so that they just have certain author it
figures that they look to that tell them you know
and you're trained to that yes you know from the
time you're in school oh your teacher is the one
that knows here's Mr policeman who's coming in to
show you how you get across the street safely and
they're the ones that you need to rely upon or
the media here's here's the the you know here's
the New York Times or here's NBC you know and
what they do is they offer to you uh different
uh epistemological sources of authority and the
people do not do not engage in trying to figure
F things out for themselves not at all okay and so
given given that reality what happens is the that
when you introduce into that setting a National
Security State such as we did at the end of World
War II where we set up a Central Intelligence
Agency and that their job is to deceive people and
to try to engage in a uh a a greedy aoristic world
domination endeavor you know and view themselves
in this dialectic with the Soviet communism uh who
they think is trying to take over the world too
and they're projecting their Shadows on each other
you know uh and you start to distort uh reality uh
intentionally yes uh and then what they do is they
target the epistemological sources of authority
and penetrate them what I've been doing all the
time is I I just take in the information take in
the information store it way put it as a card up
on the wall do you know who Dr Eric Walker is no
um well there was a you know Robert sarbacher
do you know that name or there uh sarbacher is
a guy who's an atomic energy expert and he was
working at the Washington National Labs there
were rumors that maybe he had taken over parts of
you know the Manhattan Project post Oppenheimer
in the ' 50s and he was closely coordinated with
Tom Thomas towns and brown and he was definitely
involved in some weird stuff you know he would
put uh cameras on these sort of modified V2s
and they would try to take photos of UFOs it was a
sophian effort that didn't end up sort of working
out 1987 this um UFO researcher named William
Steinman writes to him and he says you know was
there actually a UFO program I need to know blah
blah blah blah and uh sarbacher says the rumors
about the UFO crashes are fundamentally correct
quote unquote and I say that because fundamentally
correct was actually kind of nomenclature
between him and Thomas Townsen Brown where
if you say substantially correct or fundamentally
correct um you were saying you're probably right
on the surface level but you're wrong on like just
about everything else or something right and then
he goes on to say you know you know V but you
know Von noyman Oppenheimer vanar Bush were all
involved in this core program in the 40s and 50s
and I actually do know a guy who might you know be
able to point you in the right direction right
now and he describes a guy who kind of matches
the description of this guy Dr Eric Walker who's
an engineer at uh and he's actually the president
of Penn State and so they go and and they go into
Eric Walker's office and they're like do you know
anything about the UFO stuff and he looks at
them cold call right yeah yeah yeah he just
appro approach right here I just happened to walk
in and ask you yeah yeah yeah well he probably had
office hours cuz the University president probably
used to meeting people and um he he starts he gets
like kind of shocked but then he kind of regains
his composure and he goes yeah I've known about
this for a long time and he's like but I would
know if you guys were clued in and I know you're